# Direct Raw Capture: Fandom Amber

- Title: Amber
- URL: https://brawlstars.fandom.com/wiki/Amber
- Capture date: 2026-06-30
- Correction note: parser supports `Brawler Infobox` and `Brawler_Infobox` spellings.
- Source last edited: 2026-06-25T21:14:34Z
- Capture method: Fandom MediaWiki API revisions content via curl
- Capture boundary: selected hero mechanics and BP-relevant tips/build excerpts; cosmetic/history/skin/voice sections omitted.
- Full source wikitext length at capture: 36319 characters

## Infobox Fields

- Title: Fire Starter
- PrestigeTitle: is on fire!
- Rarity: Legendary
- Class: Controller
- MovementSpeed: 720 (Normal)<br>864 (with Hypercharge)<br>820 (with Fire Starters)<br>964 (with Fire Starters and Hypercharge)
- GadgetCharges:
- VoiceActor: Leah Arscott
- HealthLabel: Health
- Health: 3400
- AttackRange: 8.33 (Long)
- Reload: 0.22 seconds (8.8 seconds max; Very Fast)<br>0.187 seconds (7.48 seconds max; with Reload Gear)<br>0.146 seconds (5.86 seconds max; with Scorchin' Siphon)<br>0.124 seconds (4.96 seconds max; with Scorchin' Siphon and Reload Gear)
- AttackCooldown:
- AttackSuperCharge: 4.3%
- AttackLabel: Damage per flame
- Attack: 210
- AttackLabel2: Damage per second
- Attack2: 2100
- SuperRange: 7.33 (Long)
- SuperSuperCharge: 12%<br>12.5% (with Hypercharge)
- SuperLabel: Damage per second
- SuperLabel2: Damage
- Super: 480
- Super2: 1920
- AttackBullets: 40 (full ammo bar)
- SuperBullets:
- SuperDuration:
- SuperMinionRange:
- SuperReload:
- SuperMovementSpeed:
- SuperLabel3:
- Super3:
- AttackSpread: 15ÂḞ
- AttackSpeed: 3500
- AttackWidth:
- SuperSpeed: 1750
- Gadget1Name: Fire Starters
- Gadget1Cooldown: 15 seconds
- Gadget2Name: Dancing Flames
- Gadget2Cooldown: 14 seconds
- Gadget2: 1512
- Gadget2Label: Damage per fireball
- Previous: Sandy
- Next: Meg
- HyperchargeMultiplier: 30%
- AttackHyperchargeCharge: 1.275%
- SuperHyperchargeCharge: 3.6%<br>3.75% (with Hypercharge)
- Gadget1Duration: 3 seconds
- Gadget2Range: 2.67

## Selected Wikitext Excerpts

### Lead excerpt

{{Protection}}{{MagicWords}}
{{Brawler Infobox|Title = Fire Starter|PrestigeTitle = is on fire!|Rarity = Legendary|Class = Controller|MovementSpeed = 720 (Normal)<br>864 (with Hypercharge)<br>820 (with Fire Starters)<br>964 (with Fire Starters and Hypercharge)|GadgetCharges = |VoiceActor = Leah Arscott|HealthLabel = Health|Health = 3400|AttackRange = 8.33 (Long)|Reload = 0.22 seconds (8.8 seconds max; Very Fast)<br>0.187 seconds (7.48 seconds max; with Reload Gear)<br>0.146 seconds (5.86 seconds max; with Scorchin' Siphon)<br>0.124 seconds (4.96 seconds max; with Scorchin' Siphon and Reload Gear)|AttackCooldown = |AttackSuperCharge = 4.3%|AttackLabel = Damage per flame|Attack = 210|AttackLabel2=Damage per second|Attack2=2100|SuperRange = 7.33 (Long)|SuperSuperCharge = 12%<br>12.5% (with Hypercharge)|SuperLabel=Damage per second|SuperLabel2=Damage|Super=480|Super2=1920|AttackBullets=40 (full ammo bar)|SuperBullets=|SuperDuration=|SuperMinionRange=|SuperReload=|SuperMovementSpeed=|SuperLabel3=|Super3=|AttackSpread=15ÂḞ|AttackSpeed=3500|AttackWidth=|SuperSpeed=1750|Gadget1Name=Fire Starters|Gadget1Cooldown=15 seconds|Gadget2Name=Dancing Flames|Gadget2Cooldown=14 seconds|Gadget2=1512|Gadget2Label=Damage per fireball|Previous=Sandy|Next=Meg|Hypercharge|HyperchargeMultiplier=30%|AttackHyperchargeCharge=1.275%|SuperHyperchargeCharge=3.6%<br>3.75% (with Hypercharge)|Gadget1Duration=3 seconds|Gadget2Range=2.67}}
{{Quote|Amber brings the heat, literally! She's overconfident about her fire abilities despite being a bit of a klutz. With her, it's spectacle first, and safety last.}}
{{Portrait}}
Amber is a {{Rarity|Legendary}} [[Brawler]] that has moderate health, an extremely fast reload speed, and a high and consistent damage output. She was the 40th Brawler added to the game. She attacks by shooting a continuous, long-ranged stream of fire. Amber's Super is a flask of fire fluid that creates a flammable puddle on the ground which can be ignited by her attack, and when ignited, it sets enemies that are in it on fire to burn over time. Amber's first Gadget, Fire Starters, momentarily increases her movement speed while she spills a trail of fire fluid behind her that behaves identically to her Super's puddle. Her second Gadget, Dancing Flames, she creates three fireballs that revolve around herself and each deal damage. Her Mythic Gear, Sticky Oil, slows the enemies down that are in the fire fluid puddles. Her first Star Power, Wild Flames, allows for two Super fire puddles to be placed down simultaneously and to passively charge her Super when standing near her fire fluid. Her second Star Power, Scorchin' Siphon, increases her reload speed when she's near her fire fluid. Her Hypercharge, Oil Spill, increases the radius for her flammable puddle from her Super which can be ignited by her attack, and when ignited, it sets enemies that are in it on fire to burn over time.

### Attack: Dragon's Breath

{{Quote|Amber blows a flaming inferno at her opponents. It looks awesome, but watch out or you'll get seared!}}Amber continuously shoots long-ranged, piercing flames at a slight spread from a large ammo bar. If the player taps on the attack joystick, Amber only shoots one flame, and if the player aims the attack joystick, Amber continuously shoots flames in the direction aimed. Amber stops attacking when the player lets go of the joystick or her ammo bar is depleted. Her ammo drains when she attacks and she automatically reloads the bar when not attacking. Each flame is shot at a tenth of a second, and if the attack isn't stopped, the attack takes 4 seconds to complete.

### Super: Torch 'Em!

{{Quote|Amber throws a flask of her fire fluid that she can then light up with her firebreathing. Bushes and opposing Brawlers will be toast! (One flask at a time!)}}Amber lobs a flask of fire fluid over obstacles that creates a 2-tile wide trail of fire fluid as it travels and in a 5.33-tile wide area where it lands. The fluid can be interrupted by lakes, but not walls. The puddle stays indefinitely until it's ignited by her attack or when another Super is used, and doesn't affect the enemies normally. However, if Amber's attack flames touch the puddle, it ignites for 0.5 seconds and disappears, spreading fire throughout the puddle that burns enemies that touch it for 4 seconds and destroying bushes inside it. If an enemy is burned by another one of Amber's puddles before the burn disappears, the burns don't stack, but the duration resets. If there are multiple Ambers in the same team, they can ignite each other's puddles.

### Gadgets / Fire Starters

{{Quote|Amber runs fast for 3 seconds while spilling her fire fluid, which she can then ignite. Cooldown: 15 seconds.}}{{Gadget|1}}Amber moves 100 points faster and leaves a trail of her fire fluid behind her for three seconds. The fire fluid she spills behaves identically to that of her Super. Unlike her Super, using her Fire Starters Gadget again doesn't remove her previous Gadget's fluid.

### Gadgets / Dancing Flames

{{Quote|Amber creates 3 orbiting flames around her for 5 seconds, dealing 1890 damage on hit. Cooldown: 14 seconds.}}{{Gadget|2}}Amber spawns 3 fireballs that revolve around her in at a range of 2.67 tiles, dealing 450% the damage of one of Amber's main projectiles if they hit an enemy. Upon using the Gadget, all enemies within the area of effect instantly receive 1890 damage.

### Star Powers / Wild Flames

{{Quote|Amber can have two fuel puddles on the ground simultaneously and she will recharge her Super automatically when standing near one.}}{{StarPower|1}}Amber can have two fire fluid puddles from her Super, and the first puddle only disappears if a third Super is used. Additionally, when she's standing near a puddle of fluid from either her Super or her Fire Starters Gadget, her Super passively charges by 5% per second.

### Star Powers / Scorchin' Siphon

{{Quote|While being near a puddle of fire fluid, Amber uses it to reload her firebreathing 50% faster.}}{{StarPower|2}}When Amber is near a puddle of fire fluid from either her Super or Fire Starters Gadget, she reloads 50% faster and gains a reddish appearance to indicate the Star Power is active. A minimum of 0.67 tiles into the puddle is required to activate the Star Power.

### Hypercharge: Oil Spill

{{Quote|Super's oil spill area is increased. Oil keeps burning for 3 seconds after being lit on fire.}}{{Hypercharge}}
When activated, the radius of the puddle created upon Amber's fire flask landing is doubled. However, despite the description, when the puddle is ignited, it burns for 2 seconds before disappearing, setting enemies that touch it for long enough on fire to burn for 5 ticks of damage. However, if the enemy is hit early enough with the trail of oil, and is hit again late enough with the splash puddle of oil, they will be hit with 6 ticks of damage. The damage is also slightly increased from the base Super. Amber also gains a 20% speed boost, as well as a 5% damage and shield boost.

### Tips / Game Modes and Maps

*Amber's Super and Fire Starters Gadget can provide area control, making her niche in events like [[Gem Grab]] and [[Hot Zone]]. She can place her puddles over the Gem mine or a zone and prohibit enemies from achieving the respective event objective. If an enemy attempts to cross the puddle, she can ignite it to deal significant damage to the enemy. In addition, the puddles from her Super and Fire Starters Gadget can connect to create an extremely large puddle to control massive areas. The area control provided from the puddles is amplified with her Wild Flames Star Power. You can either connect the puddles to clear bushes or separate them to allow for select area denial.

### Tips / Recommended Build

*Amber's Dancing Flames Gadget can deal incredible damage if all fireballs hit the target, so it gives her sturdy protection against assassin Brawlers or Brawlers with Supers that could fly over obstacles that would normally defeat Amber (e.g. [[El Primo]], [[Surge]], [[Mico]], [[Bonnie]], [[Crow]], [[Kit]], and [[Edgar]]). She can also use this Gadget effectively in modes like [[Heist]], where there is a stationary target. This allows her to deal massive damage with this Gadget, and combined with her piercing attack, Super, and Gadget Gear, she is a menace in such modes.

*Amber's Wild Flames Star Power and Fire Starters Gadget are extremely useful in helping Amber quickly regain her Super, especially when Supers are most necessary. With her Fire Starters Gadget, she can create a large puddle area in which her Super recharges, allowing for an insane pace of Supers while fighting.
*Trails from Amber's Fire Starters Gadget can also be used as firewalls to protect you and allies. Make sure to keep puddles connected so enemies, especially heavyweights and assassins, are damaged when crossing the puddles.

### Tips / Strategies

*Amber is an excellent cover destroyer that can burn down a large amount of bushes from her fire puddles and her attack combined while also being able to inflict burn damage, restricting an enemy's ability to heal and retreat.
*Be careful about positioning Amber's Super because if it's thrown in an undesirable position, you might accidentally ignite the puddle when attacking an enemy near it, so try to place the fluid outside your attacking spot but still in your range so you can ignite the puddle at the right time. This also enables you to control two lanes at once.
*Try to predict the enemy's movement in order to land more shots, because there's a tiny yet noticeable delay between aiming and firing. You'll deal maximum damage by aiming where the enemy is likely to move as aiming at the enemy's current position won't damage the moving enemy since Amber's flames travel slowly.
*Amber is an excellent counter to high-health Brawlers because her continuous attack deals enough damage to eliminate them. She can also use her Super to prevent them from healing and finish them off. However, maintain your distance from these Brawlers because Amber, with her moderate health, can be two-shotted or three-shotted by those Brawlers if they get close enough, and she's helpless at close range due to her inability to deal immediate damage and her lack of stuns, slows, or knockbacks to distance herself from such Brawlers.
*Try not to waste ammo with Amber. If Amber is out of ammo, she needs to wait a while to fully reload despite what seems to be an incredibly fast reload speed. With her Scorchin' Siphon Star Power, you can partially mitigate this issue by using her Super or her Fire Starters Gadget to reload quicker. You can also place her Fire Starters Gadget at your spawn point and reload quicker if you die. If you do this you will enter battle with a full ammo bar.
*If you have the Wild Flames Star Power, when you get your Super and throw it, sometimes it is a better idea to wait and keep the Super on the ground so that you charge up more of your Super. This is a good strategy in passive maps and also good if you aren't going to hit an enemy with it, as you can charge another Super.
*Amber's fire fluid can be ignited before it fully spills on the ground which can be used to give enemies no time to escape the fire fluid's radius.
*Especially if you have her Mythic Gear, don't immediately waste your Hypercharge Super. The simple threat of the size of the puddle is more than enough to scare off lower ranks or slow down higher ones.
*In certain situations, you can throw your fire fluid across a body of water, which is the only way to separate individual puddles. This can be helpful if you want to charge your super or reload off of a small tile of fluid, while allowing the majority to deal damage. This can best be seen in the corner of Safe Zone.
