# Direct Raw Capture: Fandom Byron

- Title: Byron
- URL: https://brawlstars.fandom.com/wiki/Byron
- Capture date: 2026-06-30-v2
- Correction note: parser supports `Brawler Infobox` and `Brawler_Infobox` spellings.
- Source last edited: 2026-06-14T20:41:40Z
- Capture method: Fandom MediaWiki API revisions content via curl
- Capture boundary: selected hero mechanics and BP-relevant tips/build excerpts; cosmetic/history/skin/voice sections omitted.
- Full source wikitext length at capture: 22041 characters

## Infobox Fields

- Title: The Sensational
- PrestigeTitle: Will end you
- Rarity: Mythic
- Class: Support
- MovementSpeed: 720 (Normal)<br>900 (with Hypercharge)
- GadgetCharges: 3
- HealthLabel: Health
- Health: 2600
- AttackLabel: Damage / Heal per second
- Attack: 380
- AttackRange: 10 (Very Long)
- Reload: 1.45 seconds (Fast)
- AttackSuperCharge: 11.3%<br>10.9% (with Booster Shots)
- SuperRange: 7.33 (Long)
- SuperSuperCharge: 24%<br>4.125% (split projectiles; with Hypercharge)
- VoiceActor: Steven Kelly
- AttackCooldown: 
- SuperDuration: 
- SuperMinionRange: 
- SuperReload: 
- SuperMovementSpeed: 
- Super: 1500
- SuperLabel: Damage / Heal
- AttackSpeed: 4000
- AttackWidth: 1
- SuperSpeed: 2000<br>2500 (split projectiles; with Hypercharge)
- AttackBullets: 1<br>3 (with Booster Shots)
- Gadget1Name: Shot In The Arm
- Gadget1: 1040
- Gadget1Label: Heal per second
- Gadget1Cooldown: 17 seconds
- Gadget2Name: Booster Shots
- Gadget2Cooldown: 18 seconds
- Previous: Sprout
- Next: Squeak
- AttackSpread: 30° (with Booster Shots)
- HyperchargeMultiplier: 30%
- AttackHyperchargeCharge: 3.375%<br>3.25% (with Booster Shots)
- SuperHyperchargeCharge: 7.2%<br>1.225% (split projectiles; with Hypercharge)
- Gadget1Duration: 3 seconds

## Selected Wikitext Excerpts

### Lead excerpt

{{Protection}}{{MagicWords}}
{{Brawler Infobox|Title = The Sensational|PrestigeTitle = Will end you|Rarity = Mythic|Class = Support|MovementSpeed = 720 (Normal)<br>900 (with Hypercharge)|GadgetCharges = 3|HealthLabel = Health|Health = 2600|AttackLabel = Damage / Heal per second|Attack = 380|AttackRange = 10 (Very Long)|Reload = 1.45 seconds (Fast)|AttackSuperCharge = 11.3%<br>10.9% (with Booster Shots)|SuperRange = 7.33 (Long)|SuperSuperCharge = 24%<br>4.125% (split projectiles; with Hypercharge)|VoiceActor=Steven Kelly|AttackCooldown=|SuperDuration= |SuperMinionRange=|SuperReload=|SuperMovementSpeed=|Super=1500|SuperLabel=Damage / Heal|AttackSpeed=4000|AttackWidth=1|SuperSpeed=2000<br>2500 (split projectiles; with Hypercharge)|AttackBullets=1<br>3 (with Booster Shots)|Gadget1Name=Shot In The Arm|Gadget1=1040|Gadget1Label=Heal per second|Gadget1Cooldown=17 seconds|Gadget2Name=Booster Shots|Gadget2Cooldown=18 seconds|Previous=Sprout|Next=Squeak|AttackSpread=30° (with Booster Shots)|HyperchargeMultiplier=30%|AttackHyperchargeCharge=3.375%<br>3.25% (with Booster Shots)|SuperHyperchargeCharge=7.2%<br>1.225% (split projectiles; with Hypercharge)|Gadget1Duration=3 seconds}}
{{Quote|Byron has invented many concoctions and tinctures that heal or harm in various ways.... but most of them fall into the harming category}}
{{Portrait}}
Byron is a {{Rarity|Mythic}} [[Brawler]] who has a very long range, a fast reload speed, a moderately high burst damage, and can provide consistent healing to allies, but has low health. He was the 42nd Brawler added to the game. His attack is a long-ranged dart that damages enemies and heals allies over time. His Super lobs a vial that damages/heals all respective targets in its splash radius upon impact. His first Gadget, Shot in the Arm, consumes one ammo to heal him over time. His second Gadget, Booster Shots, allows his next attack to fire three darts that deal less damage and heal less health. His first Star Power, Malaise, momentarily reduces the effectiveness of any healing effects for enemies hit by his Super. His second Star Power, Injection, periodically makes his attack pierce through targets. His Hypercharge, Unstable Concoction, fires main attacks in all directions from his Super.

### Attack: Careful Dose

{{Quote|Shoots a long range dart that can hit both opponents and friendlies. Opponents will take damage over time and friendlies will heal over time.}}
Byron fires a long-ranged dart, dealing three ticks of damage over time to enemies over 2 seconds. However, if the dart hits an ally, it instead heals them for the same amount of health as damage to an enemy. The damage/healing effects stack, meaning you can attack/heal the same target multiple times to increase its effect. Byron's attack has a moderate cooldown of 0.5 seconds, but has a fast reload speed. Healing from Byron's main attack is not increased by damage buffs, unlike his Super.

### Super: Full Treatment

{{Quote|Throws a vial that heals friendlies and damages opponents.}}
Byron lobs a vial over obstacles which instantaneously heals both himself and allies and damages enemies within a 2.67-tile splash radius upon impact. Byron's Super will land on the ground sooner the closer he throws it to himself. Unlike Byron's main attack, damage buffs such as from the Damage [[Gears|Gear]] increase healing.

### Gadgets / Shot In The Arm

{{Quote|Byron uses one of his shots to heal himself 1300 per second for 3 seconds. Cooldown: 17 seconds.}}{{Gadget|1}}
Byron consumes one ammo bar and after a 1-second delay, heals 25% of his maximum health per second for 3 seconds, healing a total of 75% of his maximum health, or 3900 health at Power 11. This Gadget can be activated when Byron is at full health. This Gadget's cooldown begins after the duration ends.

### Gadgets / Booster Shots

{{Quote|Byron's next attack shoots 3 darts instead of one, each dealing 20% less damage and 40% less healing. Cooldown: 18 seconds.}}{{Gadget|2}}
Activating this Gadget makes Byron's next attack fire 3 darts in a moderate spread. Each dart deals 20% less damage and heals for 40% less health than normally, and also charges slightly less Super. Byron's Injection Star Power doesn't affect this Gadget and the bar will not be reset. A Gadget symbol will glow above Byron's head signaling this Gadget's usage, as well as a glowing attack joystick. This Gadget's cooldown starts after this attack is shot.

### Star Powers / Malaise

{{Quote|Byron's Super will also cause opponents to receive 75% less healing from any source for 9 seconds.}}{{StarPower|1}}
Enemies hit by Byron's Super will now heal for 25% as much health from any healing source for 9 seconds. This doesn't affect [[Max]]'s Sneaky Sneakers Gadget.

### Star Powers / Injection

{{Quote|Every 3.5 seconds the next basic attack will pierce through targets.}}{{StarPower|2}}
Byron gains a bar similar to [[Bibi]]'s Home Run bar. When the bar is charged up after 3.5 seconds, Byron's next attack pierces through any target. Like [[Sprout]]'s Overgrowth Star Power, Byron doesn't require all three ammo to charge the bar.

### Hypercharge: Unstable Concoction

{{Quote|Byron's Super also fires his main attack in all directions from the point of impact.}}{{Hypercharge}}
When activated, Byron's Super also sends out 6 main attack projectiles radially from the area it landed that travel for 5.33 tiles. The pattern is fixed, with 60 degrees between each dart, and it doesn't rotate with the direction the Super is thrown. The projectiles deal as much damage/healing as the regular attack but are slower and charge significantly less Super. The projectiles have a 4-tile wide blind spot at the center, so they cannot all hit an enemy at point-blank range. He also gains a 20% speed boost, as well as a 5% damage and shield boost.

### Tips / Games Modes and Maps

* Byron's long range, high tick damage, and healing abilities truly shine in Team Events because he can consistently heal his teammates and himself with his attack, Super, and Shot In the Arm Gadget alike while they work towards the event objective with the healing giving more ease. Doing so will almost guarantee a positive outcome as the healing decreases enemy damage while assisting allies. In addition, he's also effective at preventing enemies from healing, making it easier to cripple the enemy team.
* Byron is niche in Super City Rampage as he can heal allies while they aggressively attack the Boss. An excellent team composition in this event is himself with his Injection Star Power, [[Pam]], [[Poco]], [[Berry]], [[Doug]], and one who can stall the Boss such as Edgar/[[Nita]]. For Edgar, he should use his Fisticuffs Star Power; for Nita, she should use her Bear With Me Star Power. If Edgar is the stalling Brawler, he should continuously stall the Boss with his high burst damage and the healing provided from his attack, Pam, Doug, Berry, Poco, and Byron, and these should make him able to overcome the Boss's damage. For Nita, she should charge up her Super and spawn Bruce near the Boss opposite of Nita, and Nita and Bruce should take turns attacking and healing each other, and with Pam's and Byron's healing, Nita and Bruce can withstand more damage.

### Tips / Recommended Build

* Byron's Booster Shots Gadget is best used to poison multiple enemies, heal multiple allies, or a combination of the two. It can also be used to heal or poison a single target for more damage/health than a regular shot, and can act as a form of close-range defense in combination with his Super. The Gadget is good for eliminating low health enemies up close, although sometimes Byron will be defeated too when he uses it up close.
* Byron's Malaise Star Power is great against opposing Brawlers with healing abilities, including opposing Byrons. Pick this Star Power when the opposing team uses one of these Brawlers in order to negate most of their healing, granting the upper hand to your team.

### Tips / Strategies

* Since his range is long but his cooldown is slow, sharpshooting skills, such as aiming ahead of the enemy's direction of travel, are needed to utilize Byron well. However, with his fast projectile speed, aiming with Byron is easier than with other long-ranged Brawlers such as [[Amber]], [[Brock]], [[Colt]], [[Mandy]], [[8-Bit]], [[Belle]], [[Nani]], [[Rico]], or [[Bea]]. Unless there are no enemies near faraway allies, prioritize allies closest to you.
* To take advantage of Byron's range is to chip away at enemies with his stacking tick damage while also dodging their fire, and once they're low on health, you can use your Super to finish them off. This strategy will allow Byron to better secure defeats.

### Tips / Other

*Byron is outstanding at supporting close-ranged Brawlers like [[Edgar]], [[Bull]], [[Mortis]], [[Rosa]], [[Lily]], [[Sam]], [[Fang]], [[Buzz]], [[Darryl]], or [[El Primo]] as Byron's allies can play aggressively, and if applicable, ambush enemies with their Supers or by bush-camping while Byron can consistently and quickly heal them from a safe distance.
*When your attack is auto-aimed, it prioritizes the closest target to you. When fighting alongside a teammate, manually aim to hit the enemy and keep your distance, and even if you have his Injection Star Power, which allows you to chain attacks to hit both allies and enemies, you should still maintain a safe distance away from teammates that is far enough to damage enemies but close enough to heal allies without the disadvantages of long-range aiming.
*Byron is hard countered by [[Crow]] or [[Angelo]]. When attacking, both of them have the ability to reduce incoming healing by 60%, including that from Byron's attack, Super, and Shot in the Arm Gadget, negating a lot of value from Byron.

{{Clr}}
