# Direct Raw Capture: Fandom Dynamike

- Title: Dynamike
- URL: https://brawlstars.fandom.com/wiki/Dynamike
- Capture date: 2026-06-30-v2
- Correction note: parser supports `Brawler Infobox` and `Brawler_Infobox` spellings.
- Source last edited: 2026-06-20T04:51:58Z
- Capture method: Fandom MediaWiki API revisions content via curl
- Capture boundary: selected hero mechanics and BP-relevant tips/build excerpts; cosmetic/history/skin/voice sections omitted.
- Full source wikitext length at capture: 37613 characters

## Infobox Fields

- Title: Birdie, birdie, birdie!
- PrestigeTitle: BOOMBASTIC
- Rarity: Super Rare
- Class: Artillery
- MovementSpeed: 770 (Fast)<br>920 (with Fidget Spinner)<br>924 (with Hypercharge)<br>1074 (with Fidget Spinner and Hypercharge)
- GadgetCharges: 3
- VoiceActor: Jas Patrick
- Health: 3000
- HealthLabel: Health
- AttackRange: 7.33 (Long)
- Reload: 1.6 seconds (Normal)
- AttackBullets: 2
- AttackSuperCharge: 25%
- Attack: 800
- AttackLabel: Damage per dynamite
- SuperRange: 7.33 (Long)
- SuperSuperCharge: 50.05%
- Super: 2200
- SuperLabel: Damage
- AttackSpeed: 1900
- SuperSpeed: 1600<br>1900 (split projectiles; with Hypercharge)
- SuperWidth: 
- SuperMinionRange: 2.67
- SuperMinion: Explosion
- Gadget1Label: Damage per dynamite
- Gadget1Name: Fidget Spinner
- Gadget1: 1920
- Gadget1Cooldown: 12 seconds
- Gadget2Name: Satchel Charge
- Gadget2Cooldown: 23 seconds
- StarPower2Name: Demolition
- StarPower2: 1440
- StarPower2Label: Damage Increase
- HyperchargeMultiplier: 30%
- Previous: Jessie
- Next: Tick
- AttackHyperchargeCharge: 7.5%
- SuperHyperchargeCharge: 15%
- Gadget1Duration: 2 seconds
- Gadget1Range: 2.33–8.67

## Selected Wikitext Excerpts

### Lead excerpt

{{Protection}}{{MagicWords}}
{{Brawler Infobox|Title = Birdie, birdie, birdie!|PrestigeTitle = BOOMBASTIC|Rarity = Super Rare|Class = Artillery|MovementSpeed = 770 (Fast)<br>920 (with Fidget Spinner)<br>924 (with Hypercharge)<br>1074 (with Fidget Spinner and Hypercharge)|GadgetCharges = 3|VoiceActor = Jas Patrick|Health = 3000|HealthLabel = Health|AttackRange = 7.33 (Long)|Reload = 1.6 seconds (Normal)|AttackBullets = 2|AttackSuperCharge = 25%|Attack = 800|AttackLabel = Damage per dynamite|SuperRange = 7.33 (Long)|SuperSuperCharge = 50.05%|Super = 2200|SuperLabel = Damage|AttackSpeed=1900|SuperSpeed=1600<br>1900 (split projectiles; with Hypercharge)|SuperWidth=|SuperMinionRange=2.67|SuperMinion=Explosion|Gadget1Label= Damage per dynamite|Gadget1Name = Fidget Spinner|Gadget1 = 1920|Gadget1Cooldown = 12 seconds|Gadget2Name = Satchel Charge|Gadget2Cooldown = 23 seconds|StarPower2Name = Demolition|StarPower2 = 1440|StarPower2Label = Damage Increase|HyperchargeMultiplier=30%|Previous=Jessie|Next=Tick|AttackHyperchargeCharge=7.5%|SuperHyperchargeCharge=15%|Gadget1Duration=2 seconds|Gadget1Range=2.33–8.67}}
{{Quote|Dynamike is an old miner and prospector who's become obsessed with explosions. Nothing makes him happier than a big boom!}}
{{Portrait}}
Dynamike (also known as D. Michael<ref>https://www.reddit.com/r/Brawlstars/comments/y8y61y/brawl_stars_posted_this_on_twitterdynamikes_real/</ref>) is a {{Rarity|Super Rare}} [[Brawler]] who has moderately low health but a high damage output and an above-average movement speed. He was one of the 15 Brawlers who released at the first Beta launch. He attacks by lobbing sticks of dynamite over obstacles at a long range that blow up and deal high damage in a medium radius. For his Super, he lobs a large barrel of dynamite that deals very high damage and knocks surviving enemies back in a large radius while also destroying obstacles. His first Gadget, Fidget Spinner, allows him to spin with a speed boost and rapidly fire sticks of dynamite in a large radius around himself. His second Gadget, Satchel Charge, makes Dynamike's next main attack stun enemies briefly. His first Star Power, Dyna-Jump, allows his attack, Super and Hypercharge to propel him over obstacles and Brawlers. His second Star Power, Demolition, allows his Super to deal more damage. His Hypercharge, Boomer, spawns multiple sticks of dynamite from his Super upon detonation in every direction that blow up and deal high damage in a small radius.

### Attack: Short Fuse

{{Quote|Mike tosses two sticks of dynamite, passing over any obstacles in the way. The fuses are cut as short as Mike's explosive temper!}}Dynamike lobs two sticks of dynamite over obstacles at a long range that blow up after 1 second of being thrown, each dealing damage to any enemies caught in their 1.5-tile blast radius. The two sticks spread out a short distance from each other perpendicular to the direction of the throw as they travel, and they detonate simultaneously. If both sticks' explosions hit the enemy, the attack deals massive damage. Dynamike's attack will land on the ground sooner the closer he throws his dynamite sticks to himself. Due to the fuse time being after the dynamite is thrown rather than when it lands, dynamite that lands closer will spend slightly more time on the ground than dynamite thrown farther.

### Super: Big Barrel o' Boom

{{Quote|A big-bada-barrel of dynamite blows up cover. Any surviving enemies get knocked back on impact!}}Dynamike lobs the big barrel of dynamite that he carries on his back. The bomb has the same range as his main attack, and after 1.3 seconds of being thrown, it detonates and deals very high damage to enemies, knocks them back by 3 tiles, and destroys cover in its 2.67-tile blast radius. Just like his main attack, Dynamike's Super will land on the ground sooner the closer he throws his barrel to himself, and the fuse starts after being thrown rather than after landing.

### Gadgets / Fidget Spinner

{{Quote|Dynamike spins furiously with increased movement speed and throws multiple sticks of dynamite around himself. Each dynamite deals 2400 damage to enemies. Cooldown: 12 seconds.}}
{{Gadget|1}}
Dynamike rapidly fires a total of 20 sticks of dynamite at gradually increasing distances around him, each stick dealing 50% more damage than a stick from his attack upon detonation. The first stick is thrown 2.33 tiles to the right, and each stick after will be thrown 100 degrees clockwise and 0.33 tiles further out than the previous. He also gains a 19.48% speed boost for 2 seconds, increasing his movement speed to 920 points, but is unable to attack while this Gadget is in effect. His Dyna-Jump Star Power doesn't work with this Gadget. This Gadget's cooldown begins after the effect duration ends.

### Gadgets / Satchel Charge

{{Quote|Once activated, the next main attack also stuns enemies for 1.5 seconds. Cooldown: 23 seconds.}}
{{Gadget|2}}
Dynamike's next attack stuns enemies hit by its explosion for 1.5 seconds. A Gadget symbol will glow above Dynamike's head signaling this Gadget's usage, as well as a glowing attack joystick. This Gadget's cooldown begins after the attack is used.

### Star Powers / Dyna-Jump

{{Quote|Dynamike can ride the blast wave of his explosives to jump over obstacles!}}
{{StarPower|1}}
Dynamike's main attack, Super, and Hypercharge can propel him into the air to jump a short distance opposite and away from the detonation point. He can use this to jump over obstacles and attacks. His main attack propels him 3 tiles, and his Super propels him 5 tiles. If required to cross over a larger amount of blocks or over lakes, his jumping distance will be increased up to a limit or to the nearest piece of ground. While in the air, Dynamike is completely immune to all damage besides status effects and damage applied over time. The jump is considered a self-knockback and as such, it is affected by the Sick Beats modifier.

### Star Powers / Demolition

{{Quote|Adds +1600 damage to Mike's Super.}}
{{StarPower|2}}
Dynamike's Super deals a dynamite stick's worth of extra damage. This doesn't affect other aspects of his Super.

### Hypercharge: Boomer

{{Quote|Super bomb spawns smaller bombs.}}{{Hypercharge}}
When activated, Dynamike's Super spawns 8 smaller bombs in any direction upon detonation, each dealing 30% of the Super's damage to any enemies caught in their blast radius. The Dyna-Jump Star Power works with his Hypercharged Super, as well as the smaller bombs that split from it. He also gains a 20% speed, as well as a 5% damage and shield boost.

### Tips / Game Modes and Maps

*In [[Gem Grab]] or [[Siege]], throwing an attack near a Gem/Bolt can drive enemies away from it, therefore allowing Dynamike or his teammates to retrieve the item more easily and preventing enemies from retrieving it. The same strategy works with Tick.
*In [[Showdown]], if your enemy is near the gas, you can throw your Big Barrel o' Boom to knock them into the gas for them to take extra damage. The Super already deals massive damage, and when with coupled with the gas, it can secure a defeat against low-medium health enemies. Your Demolition Star Power amplifies this strategy's effectiveness.
*With his high-damage attacks, decent range, and ability to attack from behind walls, Dynamike is an excellent choice in [[Heist]]. If he hides safely behind a wall, he can consistently hit the Safe with both of his sticks, even when auto-aiming, and his splash damage may also catch some enemies with it. This is more effective with his Demolition Star Power, as that increases the damage dealt to the Safe.

### Tips / Recommended Build

*His Fidget Spinner Gadget is useful for checking bushes because it covers an extremely wide area. He can also use his Gadget to reliably defeat low-health enemies who are very close to him, which would be otherwise very hard to hit with his main attack. His Fidget Spinner Gadget is also useful in [[Heist]] due to the large amount of dynamite it fires, so make sure you move slightly clockwise to maximize its damage.
*Dynamike's attack fuse makes it hard for him to defend. His Satchel Charge Gadget allows him to burst enemies down safely, especially low-health ones. This is also incredibly useful in Heist when attempting to take out heavyweights. His reliance on this Gadget makes it more niche in offense-oriented modes such as [[Bounty]], where stuns are valuable tools to have.
*Dynamike's Dyna-Jump Star Power takes many hours to master but is very rewarding. This Star Power will reduce or eliminate his counters' abilities to counter him. An effective strategy with this is Dyna-Jumping and right before it takes effect, throw a Satchel Charge attack at your enemies to trick them and easily defeat them.
*A moderately difficult but useful strategy is double-jumping with his Dyna-Jump. To do this, throw a shot at your feet and then quickly throw another shot parallel and 1-2 tiles away from the first shot. The first shot will propel you forward and if your timing and position are right, it'll propel you towards the second shot for that shot to propel you. It's much trickier with his Super as you'll have to throw an attack further. Double-jumping will take a lot of practice to master, but it can assist you in many situations and if you master it, you can even triple-jump or quad-jump and avoid getting hit for the while that you're jumping. Though the timing is tricky, it's possible to jump over enemy attacks with Dynamike's Dyna-Jump Star Power. This is rare, but can help in sticky situations when under heavy fire.
*His Dyna-Jump Star Power is effective to escape from danger by throwing dynamite at your feet. This not only damages nearby enemies, but also throws you far enough away from enemies to avoid damage, and allows for a speedy escape over walls. In desperate situations, his Super propels him even further, making it a more reliable tool for escape while also being able to damage and even defeat enemies due to the large amounts of damage dealt by the Super or attack. He can also utilize it to boost him towards vital areas or items such as the zones in [[Hot Zone]].
*Dynamike's Demolition Star Power can be used to fool enemies when they head into enclosed areas that you're in. This especially works with [[Edgar]], [[Mico]], [[Leon]], [[Crow]], [[Mortis]], or [[Surge]] as they don't have wall-breaking abilities, making them unable to escape from his Super.
*Dynamike's Satchel Charge Gadget and Demolition Star Power is a good build for Dynamike. In certain situations, Dynamike can stun enemies and then throw his Super at them. Due to the stun, the enemy won't be able to dodge the Super as people often do nor can they provide counter fire. Demolition deals a lot of damage to the enemy and, coupled with the attack, it'll incinerate out medium-to lower-health Brawlers. For tanks, throw more attacks with the Super to knock them out while they're stunned. Though not necessary, Demolition, if available, should definitely be used because it aids in taking out or heavily damaging Brawlers, especially tanks.
*While Fidget Spinner can be used to check bushes or flee from Assassins, Satchel Charge is almost always better, especially when you have your Super ready and with Demolition equipped. Enemies hit by Satchel Charge have no chance of escaping your Super, and you can easily get a free Super back, or half of your Super if only one enemy is hit.
*Shield and Gadget Cooldown gears are best for Dynamike because his Satchel Charge Gadget takes a long time to recharge, at 23 seconds. He also doesn't have a lot of health and gets easily ambushed by Assassins, so having more HP is beneficial to him. Damage Gear can be used to make your Super more deadly as it will deal 6,660 damage when you're below 50% HP with Demolition equipped, but it's

[TRUNCATED in raw capture: selected excerpt only; re-fetch source for full page.]

### Tips / Strategies

*A difficult but rewarding tactic with Dynamike is where you aim Dynamike's Super and quickly toss a main attack in such a way that Super can push enemies into the sticks of dynamite. This deals extreme amounts of damage to them and usually eliminates them unless they're heavyweights like [[Frank]], [[Bull]], [[Darryl]], [[Draco]], or [[El Primo]]. If the enemy had enough health and the sticks of dynamite were perfectly placed, Dynamike also instantly recharges his Super, in which he can chain Supers.
*Assassins are huge counters to Dynamike due to their above-average speeds and traveling abilities, which help him escape Dynamike's delayed shots, so watch out for them before they can burst you down. Alternatively, if caught by them, you can use Satchel Charge to possibly change the fate of the fight, though this only works if you land the shot correctly or specifically for [[Mortis]] waste his ammo so it's easier to land the shot. You can also use your Fidget Spinner Gadget's speed boost to escape before they get too close to you, but it isn't very useful when they've already reached you because of again, assassins' traveling abilities and fast movement speed.
*If a close-range Brawler is chasing you, throw your dynamites a little ahead of you. This can stop them from following or deal damage. With his Dyna-Jump Star Power, you can also surprise enemies and increase your chances of escaping.
*Hiding behind a wall within a bush in front of it and throwing the dynamite towards the enemy from there can be effective since it's difficult for most other Brawlers to reach you, and they'll be caught by surprise due to you being hidden. This also means that his Satchel Charge Gadget, if activated, will be more likely to hit, which can be devastating towards an opponent and enable Dynamike to easily decimate them.
*Dynamike should not be touching a wall directly when facing a [[Brock]], [[Hank]], [[Squeak]], or [[Jacky]], as their attacks can still hit him despite the wall being in front. It is important to keep a buffer distance from the wall to force them to come closer and attack them from range.
*Dynamike's dynamites can deal massive damage if thrown correctly. Since the dynamite has a delay before blowing up, try predicting the enemy's movement and throwing it where the enemy is likely to be by the time the dynamite detonates. Auto-aiming almost guarantees a miss against moving enemies, but if in a pinch, auto-aiming is more reliable when enemies are farther away. You may also want to throw two pairs of dynamites in succession in two different areas as it's more likely that at least one will hit and still deal a decent amount of damage.
*If there's a [[Meeple]] on your team, have them use their Mansions of Meeple Gadget so you can throw dynamite into the dice towers, blowing up enemies from a safe distance. However, Dynamike's Super will destroy the towers, so refrain from using it unless the walls are about to expire or the enemies will be defeated by it.

### Tips / Other

*Try throwing your Super to damage at least two enemies, because as it deals enough damage to charge another Super, allowing you to chain Supers and deal plethoras of damage.
*The spread between Dynamike's dynamites decreases as he throws the sticks closer to himself, making it significantly harder to hit enemies close to him. However, he can also use this to his advantage as such enemies are more likely to be hit by both dynamites and will take more damage.
*Be very careful when using your Super. Since it can break walls, it will remove protective barriers for him, and may inevitably make him more vulrenable to direct attacks. However, he can be more effective at breaking walls than other Brawlers, due to being able to aim at the wall directly regardless of his distance from it.

### Cosmetics / Portraits

<gallery widths="200">
File:Dynamike Portrait.png|Default
File:Occultist Dynamike Portrait.png|Occultist
</gallery>
