# Direct Raw Capture: Fandom Fang

- Title: Fang
- URL: https://brawlstars.fandom.com/wiki/Fang
- Capture date: 2026-06-30-v2
- Correction note: parser supports `Brawler Infobox` and `Brawler_Infobox` spellings.
- Source last edited: 2026-05-20T16:26:32Z
- Capture method: Fandom MediaWiki API revisions content via curl
- Capture boundary: selected hero mechanics and BP-relevant tips/build excerpts; cosmetic/history/skin/voice sections omitted.
- Full source wikitext length at capture: 22465 characters

## Infobox Fields

- Title: Sneaker Artist
- PrestigeTitle: One Kick Man
- Rarity: Mythic
- Class: Assassin
- MovementSpeed: 770 (Fast)<br>924 (with Hypercharge)<br>4000 (with Super)
- HealthLabel: Health
- Health: 4800
- AttackRange: 2.67 (kick; Short)<br>9.33 (shoe; Very Long)
- Reload: 1 second (Very Fast)
- AttackBullets: 
- AttackSuperCharge: 25.5%
- AttackLabel: Kick Damage
- Attack: 1360
- AttackLabel2: Shoe Damage
- Attack2: 340
- SuperRange: 10 (Very Long)
- SuperSuperCharge: 25.125%
- SuperMinion: 
- SuperMovementSpeed: 
- SuperLabel: Damage
- Super: 1500
- AttackSpeed: 3200 (kick)<br>4500 (shoe)
- SuperSpeed: 
- VoiceActor: Nicholas Contreras
- AttackWidth: 1–2 (kick)<br>0.67 (shoe)
- Gadget1Name: Corn-Fu
- Gadget1: 871
- Gadget1Label: Damage per kernel
- Gadget1Cooldown: 15 seconds
- Gadget2Name: Roundhouse Kick
- Gadget2Cooldown: 15 seconds
- StarPower2Name: Divine Soles
- StarPower2: 810
- StarPower2Label: Maximum Damage Reduction
- Previous: Buzz
- Next: Eve
- HyperchargeMultiplier: 20%
- AttackHyperchargeCharge: 5.1%
- SuperHyperchargeCharge: 5.025%
- Gadget2Range: 2.33
- Gadget1Range: 5
- Gadget2Duration: 0.5 seconds

## Selected Wikitext Excerpts

### Lead excerpt

{{MagicWords}}{{Protection}}
{{Brawler Infobox|Title = Sneaker Artist|PrestigeTitle = One Kick Man|Rarity = Mythic|Class = Assassin|MovementSpeed = 770 (Fast)<br>924 (with Hypercharge)<br>4000 (with Super)|HealthLabel = Health|Health = 4800|AttackRange = 2.67 (kick; Short)<br>9.33 (shoe; Very Long)|Reload = 1 second (Very Fast)|AttackBullets = |AttackSuperCharge = 25.5%|AttackLabel = Kick Damage|Attack = 1360|AttackLabel2 = Shoe Damage|Attack2=340|SuperRange = 10 (Very Long)|SuperSuperCharge = 25.125%|SuperMinion = |SuperMovementSpeed = |SuperLabel = Damage|Super = 1500|AttackSpeed=3200 (kick)<br>4500 (shoe)|SuperSpeed=|VoiceActor=Nicholas Contreras|AttackWidth=1–2 (kick)<br>0.67 (shoe)|Gadget1Name=Corn-Fu|Gadget1=871|Gadget1Label=Damage per kernel|Gadget1Cooldown=15 seconds|Gadget2Name=Roundhouse Kick|Gadget2Cooldown=15 seconds|StarPower2Name=Divine Soles|StarPower2=810|StarPower2Label=Maximum Damage Reduction|Previous=Buzz|Next=Eve|HyperchargeMultiplier=20%|AttackHyperchargeCharge=5.1%|SuperHyperchargeCharge=5.025%|Gadget2Range=2.33|Gadget1Range=5|Gadget2Duration=0.5 seconds}}
{{Quote|Fang has absorbed so many kung-fu movies he practically lives in one. He's confident, charming, and never uses his hands if he can kick instead!}}
{{Portrait}}
Fang is a {{Rarity|Mythic}} [[Brawler]] who could be unlocked as a [[Brawl Pass]] reward at Tier 30 in Season 10: Year of the Tiger. He has high health, a high damage output at close range, a very fast reload speed, a variable attack range, and great mobility with his Super and his fast movement speed. He was the 54th Brawler added to the game. His attack is a kick that deals high damage, but is short in range. If he doesn't hit an enemy with his kick, his shoe flies off, gaining additional range but dealing a lot less damage. His Super is a powerful kick that makes him fly and deal damage to enemies. If an enemy is nearby the targeted enemy, Fang bounces to them, and he can hit a maximum of 4 enemies with one Super. Fang's first Gadget, Corn-Fu, throws popcorn bags around Fang that explode into popcorn kernels on the ground that explode on contact or after a brief period of time. His second Gadget, Roundhouse Kick, makes Fang spin around fast, briefly stunning nearby enemies. His first Star Power, Fresh Kicks, allows Fang to recharge his Super instantly after defeating an enemy Brawler using his Super. His second Star Power, Divine Soles, periodically grants Fang a special shield that partially reduces damage from the next enemy attack. His Hypercharge, Dragon Kick, makes his Super go through walls and drop pieces of popcorn that behave identically to his first Gadget, each dealing more damage.

### Attack: Wu-Shoe

{{Quote|Fang unleashes a swift kick with a hidden trick. If the kick misses the target, his shoe will fly off his foot!}}
Fang unleashes a single short-ranged kick that upon hit deals high damage to enemies. The projectile does not pierce, unlike most melee attacks, and increases in size with distance. If the attack doesn't hit anything initially, his shoe will fly off, increasing the range of the attack by an extra 6.67 tiles. The shoe only deals 25% as much damage, but it charges as much of his Super as a regular kick would. Aiming his attack shows both the kick range and the shoe range.

### Super: Sneak Ahead

{{Quote|Fang flies into a nasty kick that upon contact, can chain a further 3 consecutive kicks to near by enemies.}}
Fang dashes forward up to 10 tiles, dealing high damage. After hitting a target, if there is another target (not behind a wall) in a 7 tile radius, Fang bounces to them. Fang can hit up to 4 enemies with one Super. While using his Super, Fang can still take damage or be stunned or slowed. If his final destination is in the middle of a lake, he will automatically be pushed to the closest ground.

### Gadgets / Corn-Fu

{{Quote|Fang tosses a handful of corn kernels into the air, making it rain popcorn! Each kernel pop deals 1088 damage. Cooldown: 15 seconds.}}{{Gadget|1}}
Fang throws 8 bags of popcorn in a circle formation around him that each explode into 3 small pieces of popcorn. Each kernel deals 40% of Fang's kick damage. The bags have a range of 5 tiles and explode after 0.9 seconds, and the popcorn pieces spread out 2 tiles from their bag's explosion location. The first bag spawns to the right, and each bag after spawns 50 degrees clockwise of the previous. Similar to [[Tick]]'s attack, the kernels explode upon contact or after two seconds, in a splash radius of 1.56 tiles.

### Gadgets / Roundhouse Kick

{{Quote|Fang spins and hits all enemies around him, stunning them for 0.5 seconds. Cooldown: 15 seconds.}}{{Gadget|2}}
Fang spins around, stunning enemies within a 2.33-tile radius for 0.5 seconds, but not enemies behind walls. Fang can still move but can't use his attack while using this Gadget.

### Star Powers / Fresh Kicks

{{Quote|When Fang defeats an enemy with his Super, it's recharged instantly, allowing him to use his Super again!}}{{StarPower|1}}
When Fang defeats an enemy with his Super, it recharges instantly, even if he is defeated while using his Super. This Star Power does not charge Fang's Hypercharge.

### Star Powers / Divine Soles

{{Quote|Reduce 960 damage from incoming hits once every 3 seconds. Maximum reduction is 90% of the incoming damage.}}{{StarPower|2}}
Fang gains a bar similar to [[Bibi]]'s Home Run bar. It charges up in 3 seconds, and once charged, Fang gains a special shield that reduces the next enemy projectile's damage by 90% or by 10% of his maximum health, whichever is less. This effect is applied before the [[Gears|Shield Gear]].

### Hypercharge: Dragon Kick

{{Quote|Charge through walls while dropping popcorn on the way.}}{{Hypercharge}}
When activated, Fang's Super can go through walls. In addition, he drops pieces of popcorn that follow the Super’s path, which behave identically to those of his Corn-Fu Gadget, but each deals 1500 damage. Fang gains a 20% speed boost, as well as a 5% damage and shield boost.

### Tips / Recommended Build

* Fang's Corn-Fu Gadget is a great area denial ability, but it can also be used to deal additional damage to enemies fairly close to him. Use this effectively against Brawlers who depend on movement to attack, such as [[Mortis]], [[Kenji]], [[Alli]], or [[Mico]], or also as a surprise against throwers who assume you cannot attack them through or over walls. It can even be used against other Fang players. 
*Fang's Fresh Kicks Star Power allows Fang to recharge his Super when defeating an enemy. This is especially useful against clumps of low-health enemy Brawlers.
*With Fang's Roundhouse Kick Gadget, Fang can now guarantee a kill easily. Try to take out the most important enemy such as the Gem carrier.
*Fang's Super is similar to [[Colette]]'s Super, as it doesn't go directly toward where you aimed, so be aware or else you can Super into a wall.
*Fang's Roundhouse Kick Gadget and Super both reset his attack delay. A good strategy is to use the Super, then attack, then stun, then attack once more. This strategy allows you to do a ton of damage really quickly.

### Tips / Other

*Fang's health is quite high, so it's easy to face enemies at close range, although not nearly as high as a tank's, so know when to retreat, especially with his Super.
*Unlike other melee Brawlers, Fang's attack does not pierce through targets, so it's not ideal to engage with a group of enemies unless your Super is charged.
*Although Fang's shoe deals low damage, consider that it travels a long distance at a good speed. This is useful for chipping away at enemies that normally out-range Fang's kick, not to mention that it charges as much of his Super as his kick. He can use this mechanic to charge his Super and travel towards enemies.
*Try to utilize Fang's Super better, try to Super on to a tank so you chain and land on a sharpshooter, this is way more effective than ending your Super on a tank.
*Though Fang's Super is most notable for its ability to chain on targets, it can be used for a normal kill as he can travel towards an enemy and defeat them with his kicks, or as an escape when Fang's on low health.
*Fang's Super is similar to [[Bull]]'s Super, but much faster and doesn't knockback and destroy obstacles. Take advantage of enemy tanks to bounce off them and hit lower health Brawlers, like throwers, sharpshooters, and assassins.
*Don't be too aggressive while playing Fang, as he'll be very vulnerable along with the fact that he has a slow unload speed. Instead, try and target one enemy at a time and retreat to heal up afterwards.
*Before using his Super on higher-health Brawlers, make sure that you have a good amount of health because he is most likely to get hit by enemy attacks as he cannot dodge while using his Super.
*When you use your Super, try to first use your shoe attack, then right away use your Super. This will have your Super charged again faster, so that you can use it to get away and heal, or to make another kill.
*An easy way to kill mostly all Brawlers is first by kicking once, then use your Super immediately so you only need two more shots to charge another Super, then kick again and quickly use your Gadget (both will work, but Roundhouse Kick works better) so you can kick again without taking damage, now your Super is charged again and you dealt 8520 damage, which most Brawlers would already die at, and now you can use your Super to either finish the Brawler or run away if your health is low.
