# Direct Raw Capture: Fandom Finx

- Title: Finx
- URL: https://brawlstars.fandom.com/wiki/Finx
- Capture date: 2026-06-30
- Correction note: parser supports `Brawler Infobox` and `Brawler_Infobox` spellings.
- Source last edited: 2026-06-15T10:13:33Z
- Capture method: Fandom MediaWiki API revisions content via curl
- Capture boundary: selected hero mechanics and BP-relevant tips/build excerpts; cosmetic/history/skin/voice sections omitted.
- Full source wikitext length at capture: 30430 characters

## Infobox Fields

- Title: Waste of time
- PrestigeTitle: Cat Lover
- Rarity: Mythic
- Class: Controller
- VoiceActor: Mohamed Sameh
- MovementSpeed: 770 (Fast)<br>924 (with Hypercharge)
- HealthLabel: Health
- Health: 3700
- AttackRange: 8.33 (middle; Long)
- Reload: 1.3 seconds (Very Fast)
- AttackSuperCharge: 11.25%<br>14.05% (with Super)
- AttackLabel: Main Damage
- Attack: 900
- AttackLabel2: Sides Damage
- Attack2: 450
- AttackBullets: 3
- AttackSpeed: 3000<br>3900 (with Super)
- SuperRange: 7.33 (Long)
- SuperSpeed: 2000<br>2600 (with Super)
- SuperSpread:
- SuperDuration: 7 seconds
- Gadget1Name: Back to the Finxture
- Gadget1Cooldown: 18 seconds
- Gadget2Name: No Escape
- Gadget2Cooldown: 17 seconds
- Previous: Ollie
- Next: Lumi
- AttackWidth: 0.67 (main projectile)<br>0.4 (side projectiles)
- HyperchargeMultiplier: 30%
- AttackHyperchargeCharge: 3.375%<br>4.2% (with Super)

## Selected Wikitext Excerpts

### Lead excerpt

{{Protection}}{{MagicWords}}
{{Brawler Infobox|Title = Waste of time|PrestigeTitle = Cat Lover|Rarity = Mythic|Class = Controller|VoiceActor=Mohamed Sameh|MovementSpeed = 770 (Fast)<br>924 (with Hypercharge)|HealthLabel = Health|Health = 3700|AttackRange =8.33 (middle; Long) |Reload =1.3 seconds (Very Fast) |AttackSuperCharge = 11.25%<br>14.05% (with Super)|AttackLabel = Main Damage|Attack = 900|AttackLabel2 = Sides Damage|Attack2=450|AttackBullets=3|AttackSpeed = 3000<br>3900 (with Super)|SuperRange = 7.33 (Long)|SuperSpeed=2000<br>2600 (with Super)|SuperSpread = |SuperDuration=7 seconds|Gadget1Name=Back to the Finxture|Gadget1Cooldown=18 seconds|Gadget2Name=No Escape|Gadget2Cooldown=17 seconds|Previous=Ollie|Next=Lumi|AttackWidth=0.67 (main projectile)<br>0.4 (side projectiles)|HyperchargeMultiplier=30%|AttackHyperchargeCharge=3.375%<br>4.2% (with Super)}}
{{Quote|The owner of Starr Park's escape room, Finx is meant to help visitors complete tasks. Instead, he uses his time controlling abilities to cause mischief! Also, he LOVES cats.}}
{{Portrait}}
Finx is a {{Rarity|Mythic}} [[Brawler]] who has moderate health, a fast movement and reload speed, a long range, a variable damage output, and immense utility with his Super. He was the 89th Brawler added to the game. His attack is a pharaoh with hands from his scepter. For his Super, he creates an area that increases his and his allies' projectile speeds, and decreases the enemy's projectile speeds. His first Gadget, Back to the Finxture, marks the ground where he will teleport back to after 3 seconds with his initial ammo. His second Gadget, No Escape, allows the projectiles of his next attack to stun enemies for 2 seconds. Stunned enemies will be impervious to all damage for the duration. His first Star Power, Hieroglyph Halt, temporarily reduces enemies' reload speed by 25% for 3 seconds when hit by Finx's attack. His second Star Power, Primer, increases his Super's duration by .25 second when he hits an enemy with speed-boosted projectiles. His Hypercharge, Temporal Traveling, spawns two Supers, with the second being around himself that follows him.

### Attack: Chronocast

{{Quote|Finx fires 3 long range projectiles, with the outer ones dealing 50% of the damage of the center projectile.}}From his scepter, Finx attacks with three parallel long-ranged projectiles, which consist of a pharaoh in the center, and a hand on each side. The pharaoh has a larger projectile, and deals double the damage of a hand, but it charges as much of his Super as a hand would.

### Super: Time Warp

{{Quote|Finx warps time in an area, decreasing the projectile speed of enemy Brawlers caught in the Super, while increasing the projectile speed of any teammates and himself. Finx's projectiles will also get a damage buff.}}With his Super, Finx creates an area with a 3-tile radius that lasts for 7 seconds. If his or his allies' projectiles pass through that area, their projectile speed increases by 30%, while the enemies' is decreased by 70%. Despite the description, Brawlers themselves do not need to be in the Super's radius for it to take effect, only the projectiles need to be. Ally projectiles will keep their buffs for their entire range, while enemy projectiles will speed up as soon as they leave the radius. The change also applies to thrown projectiles, like [[Dynamike]], [[Grom]], and [[Barley]]'s attack or [[Sprout]], [[Squeak]], and [[Brock]]'s Super. However, this doesn't apply to Brawlers who uses themself as a projectile, like [[Mortis]], [[Kenji]], and [[Mico]]'s attack or [[El Primo]], [[Fang]], [[Kit]], [[Bull]], [[Darryl]], and [[Surge]]'s Super. The Super also doesn't affect [[Ziggy]]'s main attack and [[Bo]]'s Super. Also, if Finx's attack passes through the area, his damage and Super charge is increased by 25%.

### Gadgets / Back to the Finxture

{{Quote|Finx steps back in time, returning to the position and ammo he had 3 seconds ago. Cooldown: 18 seconds.}}{{Gadget|1}}
Upon activation, Finx teleports back to the position he was 3 seconds ago and also gaining back the ammo he had. A shadowy hitbox displays where he will teleport, which is visible to everyone in the match, though it is hidden in bushes. If Finx has been alive for less than 3 seconds when he uses it, such as at the beginning of the match or respawning, he teleports to his respawn location, he doesn't teleport to where he was 3 seconds ago before dying.

### Gadgets / No Escape

{{Quote|Finx's next projectiles from his main attack freeze the enemies in time for 2 seconds, making them unable to take actions for the duration, but also making them immune to any damage. Cooldown: 17 seconds.}}{{Gadget|2}}
Activating this Gadget allows Finx's next projectiles to stun enemies for 2 seconds upon hitting them. However, enemies affected by this Gadget will be impervious to all damage for the duration, and all attacks will simply phase through, including the Ball in [[Brawl Ball]]. A Gadget symbol will glow above Finx's head signaling this Gadget's activation, as well as a glowing attack joystick. This Gadget's cooldown begins after the attack is used.

### Star Powers / Hieroglyph Halt

{{Quote|Finx reduces the reload speed of any enemy Brawlers hit by his main attack by 25% for 3 seconds.}}{{StarPower|1}}
Enemy Brawlers hit by Finx's attack have their reload speed decreased by 25% for 3 seconds, like [[Willow]]'s Love Is Blind Star Power.

### Star Powers / Primer

{{Quote|Damage dealt only from Finx's projectiles that are sped up by Time Warp, will increase the Super duration by 0.25 seconds each.}}{{StarPower|2}}
When Finx lands an attack that passed through his Super, the duration of his Super is increased by 0.25 seconds with each projectile.

### Hypercharge: Temporal Traveling

{{Quote|Finx activates an additional Time Warp around himself that follows his movement.}}{{Hypercharge}}
When activated, Finx creates two Supers, with the second Super around himself that follows him. These do not remove the area from his normal Super, and vice versa. The Super effect around him does not stack with the Hypercharged Super; ally attacks do not speed up twice and the enemy attacks do not slow down twice even if the Super areas overlapped. Finx also gains a 20% speed boost, as well as a 5% damage and shield boost.

### Tips / Game Modes and Maps

*

### Tips / Recommended Build

* Always aim Finx's attack. Auto aiming with Finx hits only the middle projectile, so learn to aim with Finx at a diagonal angle.
* While Finx's Super can improve the accuracy of auto aiming, it may be disadvantageous when applied to teammates who land their shots often because speeding up their projectiles may mess up their aim.
* Finx's Back to the Finxture Gadget allows him to either deal massive damage or escape.
** Finx can use this Gadget to unload 6 shots in succession by using the Gadget instantly after unleashing three shots. When using this tactic, make sure you are around the same place 3 seconds ago.
** Finx can use this Gadget to escape from close-range combat by walking back and forth over a considerable distance. You may also lure assassins to jump onto your current position and teleport away with this Gadget.
* Since Finx's Super slows down enemies' projectiles significantly, beware of lingering attacks like [[Emz]]'s as they may cover an area for a longer time, potentially dealing higher damage to you and your teammates.
