# Direct Raw Capture: Fandom Gene

- Title: Gene
- URL: https://brawlstars.fandom.com/wiki/Gene
- Capture date: 2026-06-30-v2
- Correction note: parser supports `Brawler Infobox` and `Brawler_Infobox` spellings.
- Source last edited: 2026-06-04T09:53:04Z
- Capture method: Fandom MediaWiki API revisions content via curl
- Capture boundary: selected hero mechanics and BP-relevant tips/build excerpts; cosmetic/history/skin/voice sections omitted.
- Full source wikitext length at capture: 26337 characters

## Infobox Fields

- Title: Talk to the Hand!
- PrestigeTitle: Ablablababa
- Rarity: Mythic
- Class: Controller
- MovementSpeed: 720 (Normal)<br>864 (with Hypercharge)
- HealthLabel: Health
- Health: 3800
- AttackRange: 5.67 (close range; Normal)<br>11.33 (max range; Very long)
- Reload: 2 seconds (Slow)
- AttackBullets: 1 (close range)<br>6 (max range)
- AttackSuperCharge: 25% (close range)<br>4.15% (max range)
- AttackLabel: Damage
- Attack: 1000
- AttackLabel2: Split Damage
- Attack2: 166
- SuperRange: 7.67 (Long)<br>8.67 (with Talk to the Hand Gear)
- AttackSpeed: 3200
- AttackWidth: 1 (close range)
- SuperSpeed: 3200 (launched)<br>2000 (grabbed)<br>3200 (grabbed; with Hypercharge)
- SuperBullets: 1<br>3 (with Hypercharge)
- SuperWidth: 1.33
- AttackSpread: 80° (max range)
- Gadget1Name: Lamp Blowout
- Gadget1Cooldown: 20 seconds
- Gadget2Cooldown: 20 seconds
- Gadget2Name: Vengeful Spirits
- Gadget2: 320
- Gadget22: 1280
- Gadget2Label: Damage per shot at min. range
- Gadget2Label2: Damage per shot at max. range
- StarPower1Name: Magic Puffs
- StarPower1: 548
- StarPower1Label: Heal per second
- StarPower2Name: Spirit Slap
- StarPower2: 1800
- StarPower2Label: Damage
- VoiceActor: Martin Schjøler
- Previous: Tara
- Next: Max
- HyperchargeMultiplier: 35%
- SuperSpread: 50° (with Hypercharge)
- AttackHyperchargeCharge: 8.75% (close range)<br>1.45% (max range)
- Gadget1Range: 2.67
- Gadget2Range: 11

## Selected Wikitext Excerpts

### Lead excerpt

{{Protection}}{{MagicWords}}

{{Brawler Infobox|Title = Talk to the Hand!|PrestigeTitle = Ablablababa|Rarity = Mythic|Class = Controller|MovementSpeed = 720 (Normal)<br>864 (with Hypercharge)|HealthLabel = Health|Health = 3800|AttackRange = 5.67 (close range; Normal)<br>11.33 (max range; Very long)|Reload = 2 seconds (Slow)|AttackBullets = 1 (close range)<br>6 (max range)|AttackSuperCharge = 25% (close range)<br>4.15% (max range)|AttackLabel = Damage|Attack = 1000|AttackLabel2 = Split Damage|Attack2 = 166|SuperRange = 7.67 (Long)<br>8.67 (with Talk to the Hand Gear)|AttackSpeed=3200|AttackWidth=1 (close range)|SuperSpeed=3200 (launched)<br>2000 (grabbed)<br>3200 (grabbed; with Hypercharge)|SuperBullets=1<br>3 (with Hypercharge)|SuperWidth=1.33|AttackSpread=80° (max range)|Gadget1Name=Lamp Blowout|Gadget1Cooldown=20 seconds|Gadget2Cooldown=20 seconds|Gadget2Name=Vengeful Spirits|Gadget2=320|Gadget22=1280|Gadget2Label=Damage per shot at min. range|Gadget2Label2=Damage per shot at max. range|StarPower1Name=Magic Puffs|StarPower1=548|StarPower1Label=Heal per second|StarPower2Name=Spirit Slap|StarPower2=1800|StarPower2Label=Damage|VoiceActor=Martin Schjøler|Previous=Tara|Next=Max|HyperchargeMultiplier=35%|SuperSpread=50° (with Hypercharge)|AttackHyperchargeCharge=8.75% (close range)<br>1.45% (max range)|Gadget1Range=2.67|Gadget2Range=11}}
{{Quote|Most people look at Gene and see a funny little guy in a costume. What they don't see is that his personality is split between his body and his teapot.}}
{{Portrait}}
Gene is a {{Rarity|Mythic}} [[Brawler]] who has a moderate health and damage, and a variable range, but a slow reload speed. He was the 23rd Brawler added to the game. For his attack, his lamp spews out a ball of smoke that splits after a certain range. Gene's Super pulls an enemy and drags them to Gene's location. His first Gadget, Lamp Blowout, pushes back all nearby enemies, healing him a small amount. His second Gadget, Vengeful Spirits, fires multiple projectiles that home in on enemies in range and scale in damage the further they travel. His Mythic Gear, Talk to the Hand, increases the range of his Super. His first Star Power, Magic Puffs, slightly heals his allies over time when they're near him. His second Star Power, Spirit Slap, adds damage to his Super. His Hypercharge, Hyper Hands, makes Gene's next Super fire 3 hands.

### Attack: Smoke Blast

{{Quote|Gene shoots a solid ball of magical smoke from his lamp. If the ball doesn't hit a target, it splits up and spreads the damage in a cone.}}Gene shoots a medium-ranged ball of smoke that deals damage and travels relatively slowly. If it doesn't hit a target, it splits up into 6 projectiles that spread out in a cone (in a similar way to [[Penny]]). The damage is equally distributed between them, and they travel for an additional 5.67 tiles. Unlike Penny, the shots don't split on contact with an enemy, but they do if it doesn't hit an enemy.

### Super: Magic Hand

{{Quote|Gene launches a magical hand from his lamp. If the hand hits an enemy, they get pulled back to Gene's location!}}Gene shoots a long-ranged hand that passes through obstacles. If it hits an enemy Brawler or an enemy Brawler's spawnable, it pulls the enemy to Gene, destroying all obstacles the enemy goes through in the meantime. Gene can also attack an enemy while pulling them, but the hand itself doesn't deal damage. The magical hand won't destroy obstacles if Gene doesn't grab anyone. His pull isn't interrupted if his target gets hit by a minecart in Minecart Madness. The magic hand is unique in that it can pull stationary turrets like those of [[Jessie]], [[Penny]], [[Pam]], [[8-Bit]], and [[Mr. P]], but it can't pull permanent stationary objects specific to game modes, like the IKE turret in [[Siege]], Power Cube boxes in [[Showdown]], and the safe in [[Heist]].

### Gadgets / Lamp Blowout

{{Quote|All enemies close to Gene are instantly pushed back. If at least one enemy Brawler is within range, Gene will also restore 10% of his max health. Cooldown: 20 seconds.}}{{Gadget|1}}Upon activation, Gene creates a wave around himself that pushes away all enemies away from him by 3 tiles while simultaneously healing Gene for 10% of his maximum health if at least one enemy Brawler is pushed. This effect can go through walls and can also override the pull from his Super. Unlike other healing abilities, Gene can still activate the Gadget at full health, and the healing does not stack with the number of enemy Brawlers pushed.

### Gadgets / Vengeful Spirits

{{Quote|Gene shoots a homing missile at all visible enemies within a large area, dealing up to 1600 damage based on distance. Cooldown: 20 seconds.}}{{Gadget|2}}Upon activation, Gene shoots homing missiles towards all visible enemies within an 11-tile radius, dealing a minimum of 20% the damage of his main attack and a maximum of 80% the damage of his main attack the further they travel. The missiles have width of 0.33 tiles and 2500-point speed and they keep giving chase until they hit the enemy or a wall. This Gadget can only be used if there is an enemy in an 11-tile radius, and note that the homing missiles can't target invisible enemies or enemies hiding in bushes. This Gadget's cooldown starts 0.5 seconds after it's activated.

### Star Powers / Magic Puffs

{{Quote|Gene heals all friendly Brawlers around him for 576 health per second.}}{{StarPower|1}}Within a 4 tile radius of Gene, all allied Brawlers heal 8% of his maximum health per second. This doesn't apply to Gene himself or allied spawnables. If he is in a bush, this Star Power won't reveal his hitbox to enemies, but it reveals the healing radius.

### Star Powers / Spirit Slap

{{Quote|Gene's Magic Hand also damages enemies, dealing 2000 damage on hit.}}{{StarPower|2}}This Star Power adds damage to Gene's Super that is equal to his attack. This doesn't affect other aspects of his Super.

### Hypercharge: Hyper Hands

{{Quote|Gene's Super splits into 3 different hands, each being able to grab one enemy. First goes straight, and the other 2 go diagonally.}}{{Hypercharge}}
When activated, Gene's next Super fires 3 hands and each can pull an enemy to himself. The hands pull the target to Gene faster than normal and do not destroy obstacles when returning. He also gains a 20% speed boost, as well as a 5% damage and shield boost.

### Tips / Game Modes and Maps

* In [[Duo Showdown]], Gene can be deadly when paired up with short-ranged, high-damaging Brawlers like [[El Primo]], [[Bull]], [[Shelly]], [[Darryl]], [[Fang]], [[Doug]], [[Edgar]], and [[Buzz]] as pulling someone allows teammates finish them off easily. This is made more consistent because Gene can charge his Super again with four complete attacks.
* Gene's Super is an incredibly useful tool that can turn the tide of a game. It can target the highest-value target in modes such as [[Bounty]] and [[Gem Grab]], dragging them into your team for an easy burst-down. It's also a great way to engage low-health enemies.
* His Super can be used very effectively in [[Big Game]] to drag the Boss toward your group of allies so that they can deal extra damage, unless your team consists of low-health Brawlers with higher damage at long range such as [[Bea]], [[Nani]], [[Brock]], [[Tick]], [[Colt]], [[Rico]], [[Dynamike]], or [[Piper]].
* In [[Siege]], Gene can pull the Siege Robot away from the IKE with his Super. Alternatively, he can use his Lamp Blowout Gadget to instead push the Siege Robot away. These tactics can give his team more time to defeat the Siege Bot and prevent it from defeating the IKE. Gene can also pull enemies into the range of his team's turret to have the turret quickly defeat them (unless the turret is attacking another target, so it is advised to only do this when there isn't any Siege).

### Tips / Recommended Build

* Gene's Magic Puffs Star Power is useless in Solo events due to the lack of teammates, so always use his Spirit Slap Star Power in Solo events.
*Spirit Slap can be used as a great finish to low-health enemies, as his Super deals damage when it hits them. However, do keep in mind that if Gene uses his Super on a gem carrier with less than 1000 health while using Spirit Slap, the gems will be dropped where the enemy gem carrier was, and it make grabbing the gems harder.
*In open maps, Gene can make great use of his Vengeful Spirits Gadget, as there are not many walls to block the missiles from it. In addition, the lack of walls will discourage the use of short-range Brawlers, which will result in more long-range Brawlers being used instead. This will allow the missiles to travel for longer and further increase their damage.
*Lamp Blowout is versatile, especially when Gene's Super is charged. You can pull in enemies with your Super and use Lamp Blowout to regain some health while pushing enemies back. This is best used against assassins like [[Edgar]] so you can push him away to make Edgar waste his ammo.
*Gene makes great use of the Vision Gear, as the split of his projectiles has long range and wide spread. It is also recommended to equip Gene's Mythic Gear to increase the effectiveness of his Super.

### Tips / Other

*Gene can extend his Super's pull by walking backwards as soon as it launches. It is also extended if Gene uses a launch pad while firing his Super, or if he teleports.
*While an enemy is being pulled by Gene, they are stunned and unable to do anything. It is therefore recommended to start shooting at them the moment you have grabbed them and not afterwards.
*Gene's Super interrupts enemy attacks and Supers, so he can halt [[Carl]]'s Super and [[Frank]] from landing his Super, etc.
*The effectiveness of Gene's Super can be amplified when used in [[Events]] with [[Modifiers]] active. It can be used to pull enemies into the area where meteors are going to land, pull them into robots, or pull them away from energy drinks and healing mushrooms. His Super can also be used to pull enemies into the poison gas.
*When using Gene's Super, be aware of who your target is. Avoid using it on close-medium ranged Brawlers or a Brawler with a dangerous Super charged, like [[Clancy]], [[Hank]], [[Shelly]], [[Dynamike]], [[Pearl]], [[Maisie]], or Carl (if he uses his Super after you pull him with yours), and in [[Showdown]], an enemy with a large amount of Power Cubes; doing so in these situations will most likely result in backfire. If you do accidentally use your Super on the above Brawlers, make sure to use your Lamp Blowout Gadget to push them back, giving you ample time and distance to attack or escape from them.
*Gene's pull has priority over every entity in the game, except against another Gene that is pulling someone, the knockback from his Lamp Blowout Gadget, and the knockback from Gus' Super. This means Gene can pull enemies into minecarts in [[Minecart Madness]] to deal 2000 damage to them. Gene can also make use of his Gadget Lamp Blowout to push enemies into the minecarts.
*Since Gene's attack has a very wide spread angle, it is very effective at checking bushes. His attack is also effective at dealing small chip damage that prevents enemies from healing from a long range, similar to [[Crow]]'s and [[Angelo]]'s poison.
*Gene is especially powerful when paired with [[Max]], as Gene can heal Max with his Magic Puffs Star Power while she provides consistent damage, and Max's speed boost from her Super allows Gene to consistently land his Supers, as well as pull them further into allied territory if caught. This combination is also extremely deadly in 3v3 modes.
*Gene’s Super will always hit an enemy if you auto-aim at close range. But be careful—you might pull the wrong target. Aim manually if you want to hit a specific enemy or if you’re pulling from far away.
