# Direct Raw Capture: Fandom Hank

- Title: Hank
- URL: https://brawlstars.fandom.com/wiki/Hank
- Capture date: 2026-06-30
- Correction note: parser supports `Brawler Infobox` and `Brawler_Infobox` spellings.
- Source last edited: 2026-06-11T09:01:37Z
- Capture method: Fandom MediaWiki API revisions content via curl
- Capture boundary: selected hero mechanics and BP-relevant tips/build excerpts; cosmetic/history/skin/voice sections omitted.
- Full source wikitext length at capture: 19390 characters

## Infobox Fields

- {{Ogg|Filename: Hank start vo 12.ogg|Filedescription = "♫Left, right, left, right, I'm so ready for a fight!"}} | | | | | | |} ==History== *05/06/23: **{{Balance|Content=Hank became available to play in the [[Training Cave]].|Change=Neutral}} *06/06/23: **{{Balance|Content=Fixed an issue that resulted in Hank dealing inconsistent damage values.|Change=Neutral}} *07/06/23: **{{Balance|Content=Hank and his Shark Tank skin were added to the game.|Change=Neutral}} *12/06/23: **{{Balance|Content=Hank's health was decreased to 5000 (from 6000).|Change=Nerf}} **{{Balance|Content=Hank's main attack damage was decreased to 1800 (from 2000) at maximum charge.|Change=Nerf}} **{{Balance|Content=Hank’s Super charge rate was decreased by 30%.|Change=Nerf}} **{{Balance|Content=Hank's Super charge rate now scales with the damage dealt.|Change=Neutral}} **{{Balance|Content=Fixed Hank's Super damage scaling when upgrading him.|Change=Neutral}} **{{Balance|Content=Fixed a bug that caused Hank's Super to deal extra damage at close range.|Change=Neutral}} **{{Balance|Content=Fixed a bug where Hank was dealing too much damage with [[Showdown|Power Cubes]] or outside buffs.|Change=Neutral}} **{{Balance|Content=Fixed an issue with Hank's voice lines when receiving damage.|Change=Neutral}} *27/06/23: **{{Balance|Content=Hank is now visible when charging up his main attack in an invisible area.|Change=Nerf}} **{{Balance|Content=Hank can no longer heal from auto-regeneration while charging his attack.|Change=Nerf}} **{{Balance|Content=The number of hits necessary to charge his Super was increased to 5 hits (from 3) at maximum charge.|Change=Nerf}} **{{Balance|Content=Hank's It's Gonna Blow Star Power speed boost was decreased to 10% (from 20%).|Change=Nerf}} *15/08/23: **{{Balance|Content=Hank's health was increased to 5400 (from 5000).|Change=Buff}} **{{Balance|Content=Hank's Super damage was increased to 1320 (from 1000).|Change=Buff}} **{{Balance|Content=The number of hits necessary to recharge his Super was decreased to 4 hits (from 5).|Change=Buff}} *05/09/23: **{{Balance|Content=Hank's health was increased to 5800 (from 5400).|Change=Buff}} **{{Balance|Content=Hank's main attack damage was increased to 2100 (from 1800) at maximum charge.|Change=Buff}} **{{Balance|Content=The number of hits necessary to charge his Super was decreased to 4 hits (from 5) at maximum charge.|Change=Buff}} **{{Balance|Content=All Brawlers' health and damage were increased from 5% to 10% with each Power Level.|Change=Neutral}} *16/09/23: **{{Balance|Content=The Rodeo Hank skin was added. It was featured as a Wasteland skin.|Change=Neutral}} *24/10/23: **{{Balance|Content=Fixed an issue where Rodeo Hank did more damage under himself than intended.|Change=Neutral}} **{{Balance|Content=Hank's flavor text was changed from "Compensating much? Hank is rarely seen outside his over-sized tank." to "Hank is a one-shrimp, one-tank army on a mission to liberate sea life from kitchens and markets everywhere. Chefs, consider yourselves on notice!"|Change=Neutral}} *23/04/24: **{{Balance|Content=Hank's Super now heals him for 50% of his missing health.|Change=Buff}} **{{Balance|Content=Hank's health was decreased to 5400 (from 5800).|Change=Nerf}} *29/04/24: **{{Balance|Content=Hank's Mutation was added for a limited time.|Change=Neutral}} *20/05/24: **{{Balance|Content=Hank's Mutation was removed from the game.|Change=Neutral}} *25/06/24: **{{Balance|Content=Hank's health was increased to 5600 (from 5400).|Change=Buff}} **{{Balance|Content=Hank's [[Mastery]] Title was changed from "Lil' Tenant" to "Prawn Ready!".|Change=Neutral}} *13/09/24: **{{Balance|Content=The Moon Guardian Hank skin was added. It was featured as a Lunar Stories skin.|Change=Neutral}} *29/10/24: **{{Balance|Content=Hank's True Silver and True Gold skins were added.|Change=Neutral}} *10/12/24: **{{Balance|Content=Hank gained a Trait where he can now charge his Super when receiving damage.|Change=Buff}} *25/02/25: **{{Balance|Content=Hank's Waterballoons Gadget was renamed to Water Balloons.|Change=Neutral}} **{{Balance|Content=All Gadgets no longer have 3 charges and now have cooldowns.|Change=Neutral}} **{{Balance|Content=All True Gold skins were slightly remodeled.|Change=Neutral}} **{{Balance|Content=Hank's Homing Fish-iles Hypercharge was added.|Change=Neutral}} *27/03/25: **{{Balance|Content=Hank's Homing Fish-iles Hypercharge torpedoes homing effectiveness was decreased by 50%.|Change=Nerf}} *23/04/25: **{{Balance|Content=Improved Hank's main attack aiming visual.|Change=Neutral}} *01/05/25: **{{Balance|Content=Hank's Wasabi Power was added for a limited time.|Change=Neutral}} *20/05/25: **{{Balance|Content=Hank's Wasabi Power Super damage was decreased by 70%.|Change=Nerf}} *30/05/25: **{{Balance|Content=Hank's Wasabi Power was removed from the game.|Change=Neutral}} *24/06/25: **{{Balance|Content=Hank's Barricade Gadget cooldown was increased to 18 seconds (from 15).|Change=Nerf}} *23/07/25: **{{Balance|Content=Hank's health was decreased to 5200 (from 5600).|Change=Nerf}} *04/09/25: **{{Balance|Content=The Jam Master Hank skin was added. It was featured as a Streetwear skin.|Change=Neutral}} *28/10/25: **{{Balance|Change=nerf|Content=All Hypercharges now give a 20% speed boost, decreasing Hank's Homing Fish-iles Hypercharge speed boost from 24%.}} **{{Balance|Change=nerf|Content=All Hypercharges now give a 5% shield boost, decreasing Hank's Homing Fish-iles Hypercharge shield boost from 25%.}} *12/11/25: **{{Balance|Change=Nerf|Content=Hank's Bubble Size Power Card buffs were reduced from 15/25/35% to 10/15/25%.}} **{{Balance|Change=Nerf|Content=Hank's movement speed Power Card buffs were reduced from 15/20/25% → 10/15/20%.}} **{{Balance|Change=Nerf|Content=Hank's Super charge rate Power Card buffs were reduced from 30/60/100% → 25/50/75%.}} *22/04/26: **{{Balance|Content=Fixed an issue where Hank could perform an invisible attack by quickly circling the main attack.|Change=Neutral}} ==Cosmetics== ===Skins (6)=== {{Skin Gallery
- Name1: Shark Tank|Cost1=Free after reaching 750 Trophies or 29 Gems|Campaign1=Deep Sea League|Rarity1=Rare
- Name2: Moon Guardian|Cost2=79 Gems|Campaign2=Lunar Stories|Rarity2=Super Rare
- Name3: Rodeo|Cost3=Free from Bolt Boxes or 199 Gems|Campaign3=Wasteland|Rarity3=Mythic
- Name4: Jam Master|Cost4=Free from Boom Boxes or 199 Gems|Campaign4=Streetwear|Rarity4=Mythic
- TrueSkins: Yes}} ===Pins=== {| class="article-table" style="width: 100%;" ! colspan="12" |Hank |- !Skin ! colspan="11" |Pins {{Pin Table}} {{Pin Table|Rodeo|GG}} {{Pin Table|Moon Guardian|Happy}} {{Pin Table|Jam Master}} |} ===Sprays=== {| class="article-table" style="width: 100%; text-align: center;" colspan="5" |-
- {{Spray|Type: Jam Master Hank|Rarity = Exclusive}} |} ===Profile Icons=== {| class="article-table" style="width: 100%; text-align: center;" colspan="5" |- |{{Pfp|Hank1}} |{{Pfp|Hank2}} |{{Pfp|Hank3}} |{{Pfp|Rodeo Hank}} |{{Pfp|Jam Master Hank}} |} {{Navigation}} [[ru:Хэнк]] [[fi:Hank]] [[pl:Hank]]

## Selected Wikitext Excerpts

### Lead excerpt

{{MagicWords}}{{Protection}}
{{Brawler Infobox|Title = Prawn Ready!|PrestigeTitle = Lil' Tenant|Rarity = Epic|Class = Tank|MovementSpeed = 720 (Normal)<br>792 (with It's Gonna Blow)<br>864 (with Hypercharge)<br>924 (with It's Gonna Blow and Hypercharge)|HealthLabel = Health|Health = 5200|AttackRange = 1.67 (min. range)<br> 3.33 (max. range)|Reload = 0.25 seconds (Very Fast)|AttackSuperCharge = 6.55–26.25% (min to max range)|AttackLabel = Min. damage|Attack = 525|AttackWidth=|SuperRange = 20 (Very Long)<br>30 (with Hyperchange)|SuperSuperCharge = 28.7%|SuperLabel = Damage per torpedo|Super =1320|SuperSpread=360°|SuperSpeed=4000|SuperWidth=0.67|VoiceActor=Austen Moret|Name=Hank|AttackLabel2=Max. damage|Attack2=2100|SuperBullets=6|Gadget1Name=Water Balloons|Gadget1Cooldown=11 seconds|Gadget2Name=Barricade|Gadget2Cooldown=18 seconds|Previous=Maisie|Next=Pearl|AttackHyperchargeCharge=2.6–10.5% (min to max range)|SuperHyperchargeCharge=11.475%|HyperchargeMultiplier=40%}}
{{Quote|Hank is a one-shrimp, one-tank army on a mission to liberate sea life from kitchens and markets everywhere. Chefs, consider yourselves on notice!}}{{Portrait}}
Hank is an {{Rarity|Epic}} [[Brawler]] who has high health, a variable damage output and attack range, and an extremely fast reload speed. He was the 68th Brawler added to the game. Hank's Trait allows him to charge his Super from enemies damaging him. He attacks from his tank, which inflates a water balloon that gradually grows in size and deals damage depending on how big it is when it explodes. His Super fires torpedoes in all directions, and heals some of his missing health. His first Gadget, Water Balloons, allows his next attack to slow down enemies. His second Gadget, Barricade, grants him a temporary shield. His first Star Power, It's Gonna Blow, increases his movement speed while charging his attack. His second Star Power, Take Cover!, reduces incoming damage while standing near a wall. His Hypercharge, Homing Fish-iles, makes his Super home in on enemies.

### Trait

{{Quote|This Brawler charges Super from damage received.}}{{Trait|Tank}}Whenever Hank takes damage from enemy Brawlers or spawnables, he charges his Super. The Super charge rate depends on the damage the enemy deals. It takes 2.4x Hank's max health of damage to charge his Super completely, and all damage is calculated after shielding and other effects.

### Attack: Balloon Blast

{{Quote|The longer you hold, the deadlier the blast.}}Hank continuously inflates a piercing water balloon from his tank that gradually grows in size and deals more damage. The bubble ranges in size between 1 tile and 5.33 tiles wide. If the player taps on the attack joystick, Hank only deals low damage at short range, and if the player aims the attack joystick, the balloon reaches its maximum size and damage after 3 seconds. Dragging the attack joystick back to the center will cancel his attack. The balloon will explode when the player lets go of the joystick, or if he holds it continuously for a total of 6 seconds. If Hank is knocked back, pulled, or stunned, his attack is cancelled. Hank is visible in bushes and cannot heal from auto-regeneration while inflating his balloon. The size of the water balloon affects Hank's Super charge rate, and the explosion can damage enemies behind walls, similar to [[Jacky]] and [[Doug]]'s attack.

### Super: Fish Torpedo

{{Quote|Hank launches Fish Torpedoes in all directions, and he heals for a part of his missing health.}}Hank sends out 6 torpedoes radially, and heals for 50% of his missing health. Similar to [[Spike]]'s attack, the pattern is fixed, with 60 degrees between each torpedo, and it doesn't rotate with the direction Hank is moving. Hank's Super deals devastating damage at point-blank range where more or all torpedoes can hit the enemy. In addition, the amount of health Hank can heal can be affected by outside health buffs or healing debuffs.

### Gadgets / Water Balloons

{{Quote|The next Balloon Blast also slows down enemies for 3 seconds. Cooldown: 11 seconds.}}{{Gadget|1}}
Activating this Gadget allows Hank's next attack to slow enemies it hits by 350 points for 3 seconds. A Gadget symbol will glow above Hank's head signaling this Gadget's activation, as well as a glowing attack joystick. This Gadget's cooldown begins after the attack is used.

### Gadgets / Barricade

{{Quote|Hank takes 40% reduced damage for 3 seconds. Cooldown: 18 seconds.}}{{Gadget|2}}
Hank gains a 3-second shield that reduces all damage he takes by 40%. This Gadget's cooldown begins after the button is pressed.

### Star Powers / It's Gonna Blow

{{Quote|When Balloon Blast is charged over 80%, Hank gains 10% extra movement speed.}}{{StarPower|1}}
When Hank's attack is charged over 80%, his movement speed is increased by 10%. However, Hank moves normally again after using his attack.

### Star Powers / Take Cover!

{{Quote|Hank takes 20% less damage when near a wall.}}{{StarPower|2}}
When standing next to a wall, Hank shields himself from all damage by 20%.

### Hypercharge: Homing Fish-iles

{{Quote|The Fish Torpedoes that Hank fires with his Super have been upgraded to home in on targets!}}{{Hypercharge}}When activated, Hank torpedoes will now curve towards enemies, even enemies behind walls obstructing their paths. He also gains a 20% speed boost, as well as a 5% damage and shield boost.

### Tips / Recommended Build

* The best loadout for all maps and modes is Barricade Gadget, It's Gonna Blow Star Power, Damage Gear and Health Gear. This is because Hank has one of the highest burst damages in the game, which can greatly be boosted with the Damage Gear and It's Gonna Blow Star Power helping you get in range. And Health Gear is because Hank has terrible natural regeneration, and you want to spend as little time as possible to heal up, so you can immediately go back to attacking again.
* His Barricade Gadget can be used to give himself a defense mechanism when walking the ball into the goal in [[Brawl Ball]], or getting close to enemies to unleash his powerful attack.

### Tips / Strategies

* Your Super is your #1 best anti-tank and anti-assassin option. Get as close to the middle of your enemies' hitbox before you unleash your Super, so you can hit as many torpedoes as possible.
* When approaching an enemy, always charge your bubble in the opposite direction of that enemy. When the bubble is at its maximum size, quickly rotate the attack joystick to aim towards the enemy, and immediately release. This strategy catches the enemy off-guard as they will not be able to gauge a safe distance from you while your bubble is not facing them.

### Tips / Other

* Spamming auto aim has higher DPS than waiting to charge up your bubbles.
* Unless you're safe behind a wall, you should generally use your Barricades Gadget before engaging with a high DPS enemy.
* Your Super can heal you up to 5600 health. Even if you're not hitting anyone with it, you can use it to get a quick health boost in a pinch.
* Memorize your Super's angle pattern in the [[Training Cave]], it will help you snipe and finish off opponents when they're low on health.
