# Direct Raw Capture: Fandom Meeple

- Title: Meeple
- URL: https://brawlstars.fandom.com/wiki/Meeple
- Capture date: 2026-07-17
- Correction note: parser supports generic and brawler-specific infobox templates.
- Source last edited: 2026-07-05T03:28:52Z
- Capture method: Fandom MediaWiki API revisions content via curl
- Capture boundary: selected hero mechanics and BP-relevant tips/build excerpts; cosmetic/history/skin/voice sections omitted.
- Full source wikitext length at capture: 22063 characters

## Infobox Fields

- Title: Cheater
- PrestigeTitle: My game, my rules!
- Rarity: Epic
- Class: Controller
- MovementSpeed: 720 (Normal)<br>864 (with Hypercharge)
- HealthLabel: Health
- Health: 3300
- AttackRange: 7.67 (Long)
- Reload: 1.7 seconds (Normal)<br> 1.417 seconds (with Rule Bending)<br>2 seconds (while Mansions of Meeple is active)<br>1.667 seconds (with Rule Bending and while Mansions of Meeple is active)
- AttackSuperCharge: 22.05%<br>31.5–32.55% (with Do Not Pass Go; Power Level 9–11)<br>8.75% (with Mansions of Meeple)
- AttackLabel: Damage
- Attack: 1260
- AttackSpeed: 3000<br>1600 (with Mansions of Meeple)
- SuperSpeed: 1196
- SuperRange: 5 (Normal)
- SuperSuperCharge:
- SuperDuration: 10 seconds
- Gadget1Name: Mansions of Meeple
- Gadget1Label: Damage
- Gadget1: 800
- Gadget1Cooldown: 22 seconds
- Gadget2Name: Ragequit
- Gadget2Cooldown: 20 seconds
- StarPower1Name: Do Not Pass Go
- StarPower1Label: Damage Bonus
- StarPower1: 540
- VoiceActor: André Refig
- Previous: Shade
- Next: Trunk
- SuperWidth:
- AttackWidth: 0.67
- AttackHyperchargeCharge: 8.82%<br>13.02% (with Do Not Pass Go)<br>3.5% (with Mansions of Meeple)
- HyperchargeMultiplier: 40%
- Gadget1Duration: 4 seconds
- Gadget2Range: 5.33

## Selected Wikitext Excerpts

### Lead excerpt

{{Protection}}{{MagicWords}}
{{Brawler Infobox|Title = Cheater|PrestigeTitle = My game, my rules!|Rarity = Epic|Class = Controller|MovementSpeed = 720 (Normal)<br>864 (with Hypercharge)|HealthLabel = Health|Health = 3300|AttackRange = 7.67 (Long)|Reload = 1.7 seconds (Normal)<br> 1.417 seconds (with Rule Bending)<br>2 seconds (while Mansions of Meeple is active)<br>1.667 seconds (with Rule Bending and while Mansions of Meeple is active)|AttackSuperCharge =22.05%<br>31.5–32.55% (with Do Not Pass Go; Power Level 9–11)<br>8.75% (with Mansions of Meeple)|AttackLabel = Damage|Attack = 1260|AttackSpeed = 3000<br>1600 (with Mansions of Meeple)|SuperSpeed = 1196|SuperRange = 5 (Normal)|SuperSuperCharge =|SuperDuration = 10 seconds|Gadget1Name=Mansions of Meeple|Gadget1Label=Damage|Gadget1=800|Gadget1Cooldown=22 seconds|Gadget2Name=Ragequit|Gadget2Cooldown=20 seconds|StarPower1Name=Do Not Pass Go|StarPower1Label=Damage Bonus|StarPower1=540|VoiceActor=André Refig|Previous=Shade|Next=Trunk|SuperWidth=|AttackWidth=0.67|AttackHyperchargeCharge=8.82%<br>13.02% (with Do Not Pass Go)<br>3.5% (with Mansions of Meeple)|HyperchargeMultiplier=40%|Gadget1Duration=4 seconds|Gadget2Range=5.33}}
{{Quote|Meeple knows the rules to every board game in existence and if you break them... Well, let's just say you don't want to break them. They hate cheaters and those who don't follow the rules. There's one exception to the rules... Meeple themselves!}}{{Portrait}}
Meeple is an {{Rarity|Epic}} [[Brawler]] who could be unlocked with Pizza Slices from the Pizza Planet event from January 9th to February 6th. They have a long range and a high damage output, but a moderately low health and slow reload speed. They were the 87th Brawler added to the game. Meeple attacks by shooting pawns that slightly home in on the enemies. For their Super, Meeple throws a 20-sided dice, which creates an area that allows Meeple and their allies to temporarily attack through obstacles. Their first Gadget, Mansions of Meeple, changes their next attack into a thrown attack that summons a square wall of dice to trap enemies and deal damage to them inside the wall. For their second Gadget, Ragequit, Meeple knocks enemies back in a large radius, momentarily stunning them. Their first Star Power, Do Not Pass Go, increases Meeple's damage when they're attacking through the environment inside the Super. Their second Star Power, Rule Bending, increases Meeple's and their allies' reload speed while they're inside their Super. Their Hypercharge, The Last Rulebender, increases the Super's area radius, and allows Meeple and allies to walk through obstacles and over water.

### Attack: Boomhaven

{{Quote|Meeple shoots a powerful projectile that slightly homes towards the nearest enemy.}}Meeple shoots a long-ranged chess pawn that will slightly curve towards the nearest enemy. The attack takes 0.5 seconds to complete.

### Super: Critical Success

{{Quote|Meeple cheats, somehow rolling a NAT21 on a d20, allowing all team projectiles in the Super area to pierce through environment for 10 seconds.}}Meeple throws a 20-sided die that creates a 3.33-tile area radius that lasts for 10 seconds, and makes them and their allies able to attack through the obstacles that are inside the area. This doesn't work with the ball in [[Brawl Ball]] or with Brawlers who use themselves as a projectile, such as [[Kenji]] and [[Mortis]]' attack or [[Fang]], [[Bull]], and [[Darryl]]'s Super. It also does not work with attacks with no travel time such as [[Kit]] and [[Bibi]]'s attack.

### Gadgets / Mansions of Meeple

{{Quote|Meeple's next attack creates dice towers around the impact area and deal 1000 damage. Cooldown: 22 seconds.}}{{Gadget|1}}
Activating this Gadget allows Meeple's next attack to change into a thrown attack and summon a large, 6-by-6 square wall of dice, which traps both allies and enemies alike inside it for 4 seconds, while also dealing moderate damage to enemies inside. As with any other wall, they can be destroyed by wall-breaking abilities and do not hinder lobbed projectiles. These walls can also be destroyed on contact by Brawlers with spawning invulnerability shields. If any entity is in the way of the walls when spawned, they will be pushed out of the way, which also interrupts attacks or Supers (i.e. [[Frank]]'s attack and [[Meg]]'s Super) when they land. The damage area is actually a 6-tile wide circle, so it is possible for enemies to take damage but still be pushed outside of the walls. Unlike [[Sprout]]'s walls, these walls will not be destroyed upon reaching overtime in [[Brawl Ball]].

The attack cooldown is reduced to zero for the next attack, but reloading ammo is slower while this Gadget is active. A Gadget symbol will glow above Meeple's head signaling this Gadget's activation, as well as a glowing attack joystick. This Gadget's cooldown begins after the attack is used.

### Gadgets / Ragequit

{{Quote|Meeple lashes out in rage at nearby enemies, stunning and knocking them back. The less hitpoints Meeple has, the stun and knockback effects increase. Cooldown: 20 seconds.}}{{Gadget|2}}
Meeple creates a shockwave in a 5.33-tile radius around themself that momentarily knockbacks and stuns enemies. This effect can go through walls. Affected enemies are knocked back farther and stunned for a longer duration the lower Meeple's health is. The maximum knockback distance is 2.4 tiles and the minimum is 0 tiles; the maximum stun duration is 1.5 seconds and the minimum is 0.25 seconds.

### Star Powers / Do Not Pass Go

{{Quote|When you shoot through the environment deal 600 more damage.}}{{StarPower|1}}
When Meeple attacks through obstacles, their damage is increased by 600. Their Super charge is also increased by a certain amount, and it scales with Power Levels.

### Star Powers / Rule Bending

{{Quote|Critical success also increases allies reload speed within the area by 20%.}}{{StarPower|2}}
When Meeple and their allies are inside Meeple's Super, their reload speeds are increased by 20%.

### Hypercharge: The Last Rulebender

{{Quote|Super covers a larger area. It now allows Meeple and their teammates to walk through walls and over water.}}{{Hypercharge}}
When activated, Meeple's Super has a 30% larger radius and allows Meeple and allies to walk through walls and over water in its radius. If either Meeple or an ally gets out of the Hypercharged Super, they can still go through walls and over water for an additional 0.5 seconds. Meeple also gains a 20% speed boost, as well as a 5% damage and shield boost.

### Tips / Game Modes and Maps

*Meeple shines in modes like [[Knockout]] and [[Bounty]] that lack assassins, much like other marksmen. However, Meeple is unable to compete with characters like [[Piper]], [[Brock]], [[Nani]], [[Colt]], Rico, [[Amber]], [[Lou]], [[R-T]], and [[Mandy]] on completely open maps, so opt for maps with both short and long sightlines where Meeple can get immense value off their Super, such as [[Layer Bake]].
*When playing Meeple in modes like [[Brawl Hockey]] and [[Brawl Ball]], if you have the ball/puck, line yourself up at the goal, shoot the ball/puck, and then use his Ragequit Gadget. This stuns all enemies in a large radius, and you get a free goal. This is more effective if you absorb a bit of damage first, as the Gadget will stun for a longer duration.

### Tips / Recommended Build

*Try to use the Mansions of Meeple Gadget only when all or most members of the enemy team are close together. This will allow maximum effect on the enemy team. This strategy is best used with a [[Dynamike]], [[Barley]], [[Tick]], [[Larry & Lawrie]], or any other thrower in your team.
**The Mansions of Meeple Gadget can also be used with a [[Rico]] teammate. If Rico uses his Super (especially with his Hypercharge) within the Gadget's walls, his attacks will repeatedly bounce within the walls and deal significant damage.
*When playing in modes such as [[Gem Grab]] or [[Brawl Ball]], use the Ragequit Gadget as a trump card to turn the tables. For example, in Gem Grab, if Meeple is on low health and is being pursued by multiple Brawlers, using Ragequit at this point would give Meeple some time to escape and/or heal. Alternatively, Meeple can use the stun duration to finish them off.
*Do Not Pass Go is better for greedy Supers, where Meeple uses it for themselves to secure kills. On the other hand, Rule Bending is great when sharing it with teammates to maximize the reload buff, and it is also less dependent on high concentrations of walls.
*Ragequit can be used with the Damage Gear. Meeple can lose enough health for the Gear to activate and then use their Gadget for a quick kill.
*As Meeple's Gadgets are very powerful, you can use the Gadget Cooldown Gear in order to use them more often. This is more useful with the Ragequit Gadget as it is the only way Meeple can defend themself against an enemy at close range.
