# Direct Raw Capture: Fandom Moe

- Title: Moe
- URL: https://brawlstars.fandom.com/wiki/Moe
- Capture date: 2026-06-30
- Correction note: parser supports `Brawler Infobox` and `Brawler_Infobox` spellings.
- Source last edited: 2026-06-15T10:15:32Z
- Capture method: Fandom MediaWiki API revisions content via curl
- Capture boundary: selected hero mechanics and BP-relevant tips/build excerpts; cosmetic/history/skin/voice sections omitted.
- Full source wikitext length at capture: 26596 characters

## Infobox Fields

- Name1: Monterey|Cost1=Free from the early bundle, free after reaching 750 Trophies or 29 Gems|Campaign1=Starry Meal|Rarity1=Rare
- Name2: Moon Driller|Cost2=Free from Ranked Starr Drops or 149 Gems|Campaign2=Ranked|Campaign2_2=StarrForce Assemble|Rarity2=Epic
- TrueSkins: Yes}} ===Pins=== {|class="article-table" style="width:100%" !colspan=12|Moe |- !Skin !colspan=11|Pins {{Pin Table}} {{Pin Table|Moon Driller}} |} ===Sprays=== {|class="article-table" style="width:100%;text-align:center" colspan=5
- {{Spray|Type: Moe Hypercharge|Rarity = Exclusive}} |} ===Profile Icons=== {|class="article-table" style="width:100%;text-align:center" colspan=5 |{{Pfp|Moe1}} |{{Pfp|Moe2}} |{{Pfp|Moe3}} |{{Pfp|Moe4}} |{{Pfp|Backward Moe}} |- |{{Pfp|Moon Driller Moe}} |} {{Navigation}} [[ru:Мо]] [[pl:Moe]]

## Selected Wikitext Excerpts

### Lead excerpt

{{Protection}}{{MagicWords}}
{{Brawler Infobox|Title = Cheesy|PrestigeTitle = Say cheese!|Rarity = Mythic|Class = Damage Dealer|MovementSpeed = 770 (Fast)<br>924 (with Hypercharge)<br>2500 (with Super)<br>5000 (with Hypercharged Super)<br>900 (Driller; Very Fast)<br>1080 (Driller; while attacking)<br>1100 (Driller; with Speeding Ticket)<br>1300 (Driller; while attacking with Speeding Ticket)<br>1480 (Driller; while attacking with Speeding Ticket and with Hypercharge)<br>2000 (with Rat Race)|HealthLabel = Health|Health = 3600|AttackRange =7.67 (Long)<br>7 (with Skipping Stones)<br>1.67 (Driller; Short)<br>3.33 (Driller; with Hypercharge)|Reload =1.5 seconds (Normal)<br>0.22 seconds (Driller; Very Fast) |AttackSuperCharge = 10%<br>15% (with Dodgy Digging)<br>5.6% (Driller)<br>8.4% (Driller; with Dodgy Digging)|AttackBullets=4 (split)<br>8 (second split)<br>12 (with Skipping Stones)|AttackLabel = Damage per stone|Attack = 500|AttackLabel2 = Driller damage per second|Attack2 = 2800|AttackSpeed=2800<br>3500 (Driller)|AttackWidth=1 (rocks)<br>0.67 (stones)<br>1.33 (Driller)|SuperRange = 7.33 (Long)<br>10.67 (with Hypercharge)|SuperSuperCharge =15%<br>22.5% (with Dodgy Digging)|SuperLabel=Underground/Destination damage|Super=600|SuperDuration=5 seconds<br>15 seconds (with Hypercharge)|Gadget1Name=Dodgy Digging|Gadget1Cooldown=13 seconds|Gadget2Name=Rat Race|Gadget2Cooldown=16 seconds|SuperSpeed=|VoiceActor=Hamish Lloyd Barnes|Previous=Clancy|Next=Juju|Hypercharge|HyperchargeMultiplier=30%|AttackHyperchargeCharge=3%<br>4.5% (with Dodgy Digging)<br>1.675% (Driller)<br>2.52% (Driller; with Dodgy Digging)|SuperHyperchargeCharge=4.5%<br>6.75% (with Dodgy Digging)|Gadget1Duration=5 seconds|Gadget2Range=3.33}}
{{Quote|Moe is a blind rat, found living in the Starr Park sewers by [[Grom]], who quickly adopted him! Now part of Starr Park's maintenance team, Moe uses his special digging machine, Driller, to traverse the sewer tunnels... and also cause a bit of destruction throughout the park, much to [[Ash]]'s dismay.}}{{Portrait}}
Moe is a {{Rarity|Mythic}} [[Brawler]] who has moderate health, a variable damage output, a long range, and a fast movement speed. In his alternate form, he has a very fast movement speed, a very high damage output, and a short range. He was the 83rd Brawler added to the game. Moe's normal form attacks by throwing a rock that fragments and spawns 4 smaller stones in all directions, which then fragments a second time on impact and shoot 4 more smaller stones in all directions. His Super makes him drill under the ground in a given direction, transforming into his alternate form, damaging enemies on his way and knocking back and damaging enemies in a large radius when he surfaces. Moe's alternate form attacks with a continuous drill at a short range. Using his Super while in his alternate form transforms him back into his normal form. His first Gadget, Dodgy Digging, temporarily increases his Super charge rate. His second Gadget, Rat Race, makes his alternate form dash forward a short distance, destroying obstacles and knocking back enemies in his way. His first Star Power, Skipping Stones, makes his normal form's attack fragment an additional time and shoot 4 more smaller rocks. His second Star Power, Speeding Ticket, increases his alternate form's movement speed while underground. His Hypercharge, The Big Cheese, increases Moe's Super range and speed when he digs under the ground, while his alternate form's range and duration will also increase.

### Attacks / Basic: Shovel Slinger

{{Quote|Moe throws a rock that bounces once, breaking into a smaller rock. Each rock smashes into stones on impact. Rocks and stones both deal damage.}}In his normal form, Moe throws a long-ranged projectile (referred to as a rock) that 4 smaller projectiles (referred to as stones) break away from in a cross pattern upon impact with a target or wall or reaching its maximum range of 5 tiles. If the rock doesn't hit anything, it turns into a visually smaller rock after splitting that travels farther, which upon impact with a target or wall or reaching its maximum range, fragments into 4 more stones in a smaller cross pattern. The stone range from the first split is 2.67 tiles, and from the second 1.67 tiles. The attack can deal high damage at point-blank range where more stones can hit the enemy. Despite the attack's description, only the stones can deal damage.

### Attacks / Driller: Giga Drill Break

{{Quote|Moe starts drilling in front of him, gaining movement speed and dealing damage to enemies in front of him.}}In his alternate form, Moe continuously drills at a short range that pierces targets and gains 200 points of movement speed while attacking. The attack utilizes a large ammo bar, like [[Amber]] and [[Draco]]'s alternate form. If the player taps on the attack joystick, Moe only consumes one ammo, and if the player aims the attack joystick, Moe continuously drills in the direction aimed. Moe stops attacking when the player lets go of the joystick or his ammo bar is depleted. His ammo drains when he attacks, and he automatically reloads the bar when not attacking. Each attack takes a tenth of a second, and if the attack isn't stopped, the attack takes 4 seconds to complete.

### Supers / Basic: Moe's Machine

{{Quote|Moe gets into his trusty Driller, drilling to targeted location, dealing damage and knocking Brawlers up at the destination. He gains a new attack in his Driller form.}}Moe digs under the ground, making him completely immune to all damage besides status effects and damage applied over time and allowing him to bypass obstacles. Upon surfacing at the end of his Super's range, Moe changes into his alternate form for 5 seconds and instantly fully reloads and charges his Super. Moe gains a modified attack and Super in this form. He damages all enemies along his way and again when he reaches the destination in a 2.67-tile radius around him, including enemies behind walls, knocking them back in the process. The amount of damage dealt while underground is the same as upon destination. If his final destination is in the middle of a lake, his charging distance is increased to the closest ground. When Moe returns to his normal form, his natural healing will be interrupted and he will lose his Super charge, and he will be left with the same proportion of ammo he had before.

### Supers / Driller: Bail Out

{{Quote|Moe exits his Driller and returns to his normal form.}}
If Moe uses his Super in the alternate form, he instantly transforms back into his normal form.

### Gadgets / Dodgy Digging

{{Quote|Moe digs up some 'borrowed' goods, increasing his Super charge rate by 50% for 5 seconds. Cooldown: 13 seconds.}}{{Gadget|1}}
Moe's Super charge rate is increased by 50% for 5 seconds. This Gadget can only be activated while Moe is in his normal form. However, if Moe uses this Gadget right before getting in his alternate form, it will remain active. This Gadget's cooldown begins after the duration ends.

### Gadgets / Rat Race

{{Quote|Moe dashes a short distance in his Driller, destroying walls in the process. Cooldown: 16 seconds.}}{{Gadget|2}}
Moe charges forward a short distance in the direction he moves. This Gadget can only be activated while Moe is in his alternate form. He destroys obstacles he charges into and knocks back enemies in his path by 2 tiles. Moe can't use this Gadget to dash over water, but he can use it to pass through (but not destroy) invincible walls. This Gadget's cooldown begins 0.5 seconds after it's activated.

### Star Powers / Skipping Stones

{{Quote|Moe's basic attacks bounce one more time. The range of the attack remains the same.}}{{StarPower|1}}
This Star Power allows Moe's normal form attacks to explode an additional time in 4 smaller stones in a cross pattern. The distance the attack travels before splitting is decreased by 1.33 tiles, and the distance the attack travels after splitting is increased by 0.67 tiles. Therefore, despite the Star Power's description, his attack's range overall is decreased by a small amount.

### Star Powers / Speeding Ticket

{{Quote|Moe's Driller has increased travel speed.}}{{StarPower|2}}
This Star Power passively increases Moe's alternate form's movement speed by 200 points.

### Hypercharge: The Big Cheese

{{Quote|Moe's Driller has longer range and lasts for longer.}}{{Hypercharge}}
When activated, Moe's Super will have a significantly longer range when he digs under the ground, while also dashing twice as fast, and his alternate form will last for three times as long. In addition, for the duration of the Hypercharge, his alternate form's attack will have double the range. Moe also gains a 20% speed boost, and a 5% damage and shield boost.

### Tips

*Moe's attack splits roughly one tile from its maximum point, giving you a sweet spot where the shards intersect. As such, try to hit enemies with the side of your reticle as you can get more hits in for targets with larger hitboxes. Alternatively, shooting from point blank gives the most reliable damage output but can be difficult against brawlers that outrange Moe.
*Moe's attacks split into projectiles once they're shot, and because they do this multiple times, you may want to aim at an angle when attacking to hit the enemy with several of his stones with the same attack.
*After Moe exits his Driller, his ammo count is set to the proportion he had before he used his Super. When using the Driller aggressively, always make sure to have ammo before you Super to ensure Moe is not helpless if you need to exit it.
*Moe can barely complete his attack in the Driller form, so it is best to damage enemies for a bit and escape using the speed boost gained while attacking before he turns back into his normal form.
*Moe's Super deals knockback in a small radius around it when he emerges, making it useful at dealing damage twice to fleeing opponents who've already been hit by Moe when he tunnels. This knockback can be useful in knocking the ball out of enemies in [[Brawl Ball]].
*Moe's Dodgy Digging Gadget is quite similar to [[Clancy]]'s, so it's recommended to also use it while at full ammo to get the maximum efficiency.
*Moe gets a Super to bail out of Digger when he Supers in normal form. This can be used to Super the ball into the goal from a distance in Brawl Ball.
*Contrary to popular belief, Moe doesn't have a smaller hitbox than most other Brawlers, with his hitbox being the average size for most non-tank Brawlers. As such, be sure to exercise much caution in dodging shots even if they don't appear to hit your character model.
