# Direct Raw Capture: Fandom Nani

- Title: Nani
- URL: https://brawlstars.fandom.com/wiki/Nani
- Capture date: 2026-06-30
- Correction note: parser supports `Brawler Infobox` and `Brawler_Infobox` spellings.
- Source last edited: 2026-06-15T07:59:55Z
- Capture method: Fandom MediaWiki API revisions content via curl
- Capture boundary: selected hero mechanics and BP-relevant tips/build excerpts; cosmetic/history/skin/voice sections omitted.
- Full source wikitext length at capture: 21859 characters

## Infobox Fields

- {{Ogg|Filename: brown&friends die.ogg}} | | |} ==History== *29/05/20: **{{Balance|Content=Nani became available to play in the [[Training Cave]].|Change=Neutral}} *05/06/20: **{{Balance|Content=Nani became available to play in matches.|Change=Neutral}} *16/06/20: **{{Balance|Content=Nani's reload time was decreased to 1.8 seconds (from 2).|Change=Buff}} **{{Balance|Content=Fixed a bug which allowed Nani to teleport with the ball in [[Brawl Ball]].|Change=Neutral}} *17/06/20: **{{Balance|Content=Nani's Tempered Steel Star Power was added.|Change=Neutral}} *02/07/20: **{{Balance|Content=Nani's health was increased to 2600 (from 2400).|Change=Buff}} **{{Balance|Content=Her main attack projectiles now travel extra distance if they don't hit any targets.|Change=Buff}} **{{Balance|Content=Her main attack effect now better matches the area where the damage is dealt.|Change=Neutral}} *14/08/20: **{{Balance|Content=The Retro Nani skin was added.|Change=Neutral}} *27/11/20: **{{Balance|Content=The Sally Nani skin was added. It was featured as a Line Friends skin.|Change=Neutral}} *19/02/21: **{{Balance|Content=Nani's Return to Sender Gadget was added.|Change=Neutral}} *07/04/21: **{{Balance|Content=Nani and her skins received facial animations.|Change=Neutral}} *16/06/21: **{{Balance|Content=The number of hits necessary to charge Nani's Super was decreased to 6 hits (from 8).|Change=Buff}} **{{Balance|Content=Nani's Super damage was decreased to 1800 (from 2000).|Change=Nerf}} **{{Balance|Content=Nani's Super recharge rate was decreased by 10%.|Change=Nerf}} **{{Balance|Content=Her Autofocus Star Power damage bonus was decreased to 1600 (from 2500).|Change=Nerf}} *25/08/21: **{{Balance|Content=Nani's Return to Sender Gadget now only lasts for 5 seconds.|Change=Nerf}} **{{Balance|Content=Her True Silver and True Gold skins were added.|Change=Neutral}} *27/10/21: **{{Balance|Content=Nani's class was changed to Damage Dealer (from Fighter).|Change=Neutral}} *29/06/22: **{{Balance|Content=Nani and her skins' main attack visual effects were slightly reworked.|Change=Neutral}} *25/10/22: **{{Balance|Content=Nani's Super charge rate was increased by 5%.|Change=Buff}} *28/02/23: **{{Balance|Content=Nani's class was changed to Marksman (from Damage Dealer).|Change=Neutral}} *07/04/23: **{{Balance|Content=The Bell Nani skin was added. It was featured as a Bunny Brigade skin.|Change=Neutral}} *11/06/23: **{{Balance|Content=The Ares Nani skin was added. It was featured as a Legends of Olympus skin.|Change=Neutral}} *05/09/23: **{{Balance|Content=Nani's main attack damage was increased to 800 (from 700) per orb.|Change=Buff}} **{{Balance|Content=The number of hits necessary to charge Nani's Super was decreased to 5 hits (from 6).|Change=Buff}} **{{Balance|Content=Nani's Return to Sender Gadget duration was decreased to 2 seconds (from 5).|Change=Nerf}} **{{Balance|Content=All Brawlers' health and damage were increased from 5% to 10% with each Power Level.|Change=Neutral}} *24/10/23: **{{Balance|Content=Nani's Autofocus Star Power bonus damage was increased to 1800 (from 1600) and now scales with Power Levels.|Change=Buff}} **{{Balance|Content=Nani's flavor text was changed from "Nani loves her friends and looks over them with a watchful lens. She handles threats with angled shots, and her Super allows Nani to commandeer her pal Peep, who goes out with a bang!" to "Originally a security camera, Nani was modified to keep an eye on Jessie. Unfortunately, she can hardly keep up with the precocious girl!"|Change=Neutral}} *12/12/23: **{{Balance|Content=Nani's health was decreased to 2400 (from 2600).|Change=Nerf}} **{{Balance|Content=The number of hits necessary to charge Nani's Super was increased to 6 hits (from 5).|Change=Nerf}} *23/04/24: **{{Balance|Content=Nani's main attack damage was decreased to 740 (from 800) per orb.|Change=Nerf}} **{{Balance|Content=Nani's Autofocus Star Power damage bonus was decreased to 1665 (from 1800).|Change=Nerf}} *27/08/24: **{{Balance|Content=Nani's Big Peep Hypercharge was added.|Change=Neutral}} *15/10/24: **{{Balance|Content=The Knightmare Nani skin was added. It was featured as a Once Upon skin.|Change=Neutral}} *29/10/24: **{{Balance|Content=Nani's Warp Blast Gadget was renamed to Warpin' Time.|Change=Neutral}} *10/12/24: **{{Balance|Content=Nani's Big Peep Hypercharge speed boost was increased to 25% (from 15%).|Change=Buff}} **{{Balance|Content=Nani's Big Peep Hypercharge damage boost was increased to 25% (from 15%).|Change=Buff}} *25/02/25: **{{Balance|Content=All Gadgets no longer have 3 charges and now have cooldowns.|Change=Neutral}} **{{Balance|Content=All True Gold skins were slightly remodeled.|Change=Neutral}} *24/06/25: **{{Balance|Content=Nani's level up health was decreased to 500 (from 600) in [[Brawl Arena]].|Change=Nerf}} **{{Balance|Content=Nani's level up damage was decreased to 5% (from 7%) in Brawl Arena.|Change=Nerf}} *12/09/25: **{{Balance|Content=Fixed a bug where Nani's Super projectile movement speed would not increase over time.|Change=Neutral}} *28/10/25: **{{Balance|Content=Nani's main attack damage was increased to 800 (from 740) per orb.|Change=Buff}} **{{Balance|Content=The number of hits necessary to charge Nani's Super and Hypercharge was decreased to 5 hits (from 6) and to 17 hits (from 19).|Change=Buff}} **{{Balance|Content=Nani's Autofocus Star Power bonus damage was increased to 1800 (from 1665).|Change=Buff}} **{{Balance|Change=nerf|Content=All Hypercharges now give a 20% speed boost, decreasing Nani's Big Peep Hypercharge speed boost from 25%.}} **{{Balance|Change=nerf|Content=All Hypercharges now give a 5% damage boost, decreasing Nani's Big Peep Hypercharge damage boost from 25%.}} *12/11/25: **{{Balance|Content=Nani's level up health was decreased to 500 (from 600) in Brawl Arena.|Change=Nerf}} *16/12/25: **{{Balance|Buff|Nani's health was increased to 2500 (from 2400).}} *25/12/25: **{{Balance|Neutral|The Snow Globe Nani skin was added and was available for every user to claim from the Brawlidays freebie calendar. It was featured as a Brawlidays skin.}} ==Cosmetics== ===Skins (8)=== ====Nani==== {{Skin Gallery
- Name1: Retro|Campaign1=Gaming|Rarity1=Rare
- Name2: Bell|Campaign2=Bunny Brigade|Rarity2=Super Rare
- Name3: Sally|Campaign3=Brown & Friends|Rarity3=Epic
- Name4: Knightmare|Campaign4=Once Upon|Rarity4=Epic
- Name5: Snow Globe|Campaign5=Brawlidays|Rarity5=Epic
- Name6: Ares|Campaign6=Legends of Olympus|Rarity6=Mythic
- TrueSkins: yes}} ===Pins=== {|class="article-table" style="width:100%" !colspan=12|Nani |- !Skin||colspan=11|Pins {{Pin Table}} {{Pin Table|Bell}} {{Pin Table|Ares}} {{Pin Table|Sally}} {{Pin Table|Knightmare|Special}} {{Pin Table|Snow Globe|Special}} |} ===Sprays=== {|class="article-table" style="width:100%;text-align:center"
- {{Spray|Type: Ares Nani|Rarity = Common}} |} ===Profile Icons=== {|class="article-table" style="width:100%;text-align:center" |{{Pfp|Nani1}} |{{Pfp|Nani2}} |{{Pfp|Nani3}} |{{Pfp|Nani4}} |{{Pfp|Bell Nani}} |- |{{Pfp|Ares Nani}} |{{Pfp|Sally Nani}} |{{Pfp|Knightmare Nani}} |{{Pfp|Snow Globe Nani}} |} {{Navigation}} [[pt:Nani]] [[ru:Нани]]

## Selected Wikitext Excerpts

### Lead excerpt

{{Protection}}{{MagicWords}}
{{Brawler Infobox|Title = Nanny|PrestigeTitle = You okay?|Rarity = Epic|Class = Marksman|MovementSpeed = 720 (Normal)<br>864 (with Hypercharge)|HealthLabel = Health|Health = 2500|Reload = 1.8 seconds (Normal)|AttackCooldown = 0.5 seconds|AttackBullets = 3|AttackSuperCharge = 20%<br>22% (with Super Charge Gear)|AttackLabel = Damage per orb|Attack = 800|SuperSuperCharge = 22.5%<br>24.75% (with Super Charge Gear)|SuperLabel = Damage|Super = 1800|SuperDuration = 10 seconds|AttackRange = 8.67 (Long)<br>11.67 (after convergence)|AttackSpread=50°|AttackSpeed=4000|SuperRange=58.33 (Very Long)|SuperSpeed=1000-2500|SuperWidth=1<br>1–2 (with Hypercharge)|Gadget1Name=Warpin' Time|Gadget1Cooldown=13 seconds|Gadget2Name = Return to Sender|Gadget2Cooldown=17 seconds|StarPower1Name=Autofocus|StarPower1=1800|StarPower1Label=Damage Increase|VoiceActor=Barbara Coyle|Previous=Bea|Next=Edgar|HyperchargeMultiplier=30%|AttackHyperchargeCharge=6%<br>6.6% (with Super Charge Gear)|SuperHyperchargeCharge=6.75%<br>7.425% (with Super Charge Gear)|Gadget2Duration=2 seconds}}
{{Quote|Originally a security camera, Nani was modified to keep an eye on [[Jessie]]. Unfortunately, she can hardly keep up with the precocious girl!}}
{{Portrait}}
Nani is an {{Rarity|Epic}} [[Brawler]] who has low health but a long range and a high damage output, in exchange for a moderately slow reload speed. She was the 37th Brawler added to the game. She attacks by firing three light orbs in a diamond formation. Her Super summons a flying drone named Peep which Nani can manually steer into enemies and explodes upon contact, knocking back and dealing high damage to enemies and destroying obstacles in a short radius. Her first Gadget, Warpin' Time, teleports to Peep's current location during her Super. Her second Gadget, Return to Sender, partially protects Nani from a single projectile that is converted into a counterattack. Her first Star Power, Autofocus, adds extra damage to her Super the further it travels. Her second Star Power, Tempered Steel, grants Nani a damage-reducing shield whenever Peep is active. Her Hypercharge, Big Peep, increases the size of her Super the further it travels, which deals increased damage to enemies upon impact.

### Attack: Trigger-Nometry

{{Quote|Nani shoots 3 light orbs that move at different angles and converge towards aimed targets.}}When Nani attacks, she fires 3 long-ranged, small light orbs, one which travels in a straight line and two side projectiles that split up from the center. The projectiles converge again at the end of her range, forming a diamond-shaped path and dealing extreme amounts of damage if all orbs hit a single enemy. She can control the distance the orbs will travel before colliding with each other by dragging the attack joystick further out. If any orb doesn't hit a target at the end of their range, they continue on their path for an additional 3 tiles, effectively increasing Nani's attack range. Nani's attack has a cooldown of 0.5 seconds.

### Super: Manual Override

{{Quote|Nani takes control of Peep and can steer him remotely into enemies, exploding on contact!}}When Peep is launched, Nani's movement joystick controls him instead. Nani is immobile while Peep is active. Peep explodes in a 1.67-tile radius when he comes in contact with an enemy or a wall, dealing massive amounts of damage while destroying any nearby obstacles and knocking back enemies by 3 tiles. Note that Peep acts as a projectile, not a spawnable, which means Peep is not a target of damaging abilities and can travel through lakes and rope fences. In addition, Peep explodes after 10 seconds if he doesn't reach an enemy or wall. Peep gradually accelerates in speed and becomes harder to maneuver. If Nani is stunned, knocked back, pulled, or defeated while her Super is active, Peep completely disappears and doesn't explode.

### Gadgets / Warpin' Time

{{Quote|Nani teleports to Peep's last known location and ends her Super. Cooldown: 13 seconds.}}{{Gadget|1}}This Gadget teleports Nani to Peep's current location, destroying Peep in the process. Peep doesn't deal damage and instead simply disappears. Nani retains any status effect applied before teleporting.

### Gadgets / Return to Sender

{{Quote|For the next 2 seconds, the first time Nani takes damage from an enemy, 80% of the damage is returned to the enemy. Cooldown: 17 seconds.}}{{Gadget|2}}When activated, Nani will gain a special shield around her that lasts for 2 seconds. The next time she takes damage, she only receives 20% of that damage while 80% of the damage is deflected back to the enemy in a noticeable projectile. This projectile cannot hit airborne enemies, but it will wait to hit them after they land to the ground. This effect only applies to one projectile (i.e. Return to Sender only converts one projectile's damage from [[Shelly]]'s Super or [[Colt]]'s attack) and it does not apply to damage not dealt by entities (like the poison clouds in [[Showdown]]). This Gadget calculates the damage absorbed and returned after taking into account [[Belle]]'s Super and/or Nani's Tempered Steel Star Power.

### Star Powers / Autofocus

{{Quote|Peep deals up to 2000 extra damage based on his travel distance.}}{{StarPower|1}}The further Peep travels, the more damage Peep will deal when he explodes. Peep does 0.625% of a main attack orb's worth more damage for every tick that passes, for up to an additional 125% of a main attack orb's worth of damage if he has traveled for the full 10 seconds.

### Star Powers / Tempered Steel

{{Quote|Nani takes 80% less damage while her Super is active.}}{{StarPower|2}}Whenever Peep is active, Nani will get a shield that reduces all incoming damage by 80%. Nani loses her shield when Peep is destroyed. This Star Power does not affect Super charge from enemies.

### Hypercharge: Big Peep

{{Quote|Peep grows in size during travel.}}{{Hypercharge}}
When activated, Peep grows in size the further he travels, growing up to twice the size by the time the Super runs out. This does not increase Peep's explosion radius. Nani also gains a 20% speed boost, as well as a 5% damage and shield boost.

### Tips / Game Modes and Maps

*Because of the large spread of her attack, Nani is best used in very open maps. Playing her in open maps would minimize any collisions of the projectiles hitting a wall that would decrease her damage. In addition, open maps minimize any accidental cases of Nani's Super being wasted on a wall.
*Nani's high damage per ammo makes her an excellent choice in [[Heist]]. Unlike [[Spike]], [[Griff]], and [[Leon]], she can utilize her attacks from a distance to hit the safe, allowing her to play more safely.

### Tips / Recommended Build

*Nani's Warpin' Time Gadget can be used to reach the enemy safe in [[Heist]], enemy's territory in [[Trophy Thieves]], and the Ball in [[Brawl Ball]] more quickly.
*Do not use the Return To Sender Gadget when you are using the Tempered Steel Star Power especially when it is activated, as the Star Power would decrease the amount of the damage Nani receives, the effectiveness of the Gadget will be reduced significantly.
*Try not to activate her Return To Sender Gadget when you are near to a Brawler which shoots multiple low damage projectiles, such as [[Colt]], [[Rico]], [[Pearl]], Pam, [[8-Bit]], [[Lola]], etc. You will only return a little bit of damage to the enemy Brawler if you use this Gadget against an enemy like this. Only use it when you're going to take one-time high damage, such as [[Brock]]'s rocket, [[Mandy]], [[Tick]], and [[Dynamike]]'s Super, another Nani's Super, a far-ranged [[Piper]]'s bullet, a supercharged [[Bea]]'s shot, or a fully charged [[Angelo]]'s arrow. This requires some practice and fast reflexes but if utilized well, it can be game-changing. If you can't properly apply Nani's Return to Sender Gadget in adequate time, you can use it as a temporary 80% shield for one projectile.
*Tempered Steel is extremely strong in [[Super City Rampage]] and [[Siege]] as she can take a lot of hits from the Mega Monster or robot, and she can take even more when a Brawler like [[Pam]], [[Poco]], [[Doug]], [[Berry]], or [[Byron]] is healing her.
*Tempered Steel essentially quintuples her health, allowing her to escape or hide when coupled with Warpin' Time, such as in [[Big Game]]. Overall, Nani's Super puts her in a very vulnerable position, but the shield provides enough value to deter enemies. Not bursting Nani down completely during its duration allows her to potentially two-shot enemies near her without fear of repercussions.

### Tips / Strategies

*Nani, having very high damage per attack if all orbs hit, and a similarly high damaging Super that can also knock back enemies who get too close, is a very effective tank counter. To make use of this ability, the best way to kill tanks, especially heavyweights, is to maintain a medium range of around 4-5 tiles from the enemy, which allows Nani to hit her shots easier without giving the enemy time to dodge them, while also staying just out of the range of their high damaging attacks. If they get close enough to you, use your Super to knock them back and deal extra damage. Don't be afraid to get close to them, however, if they are low on health, as you can find it hard to kill a skilled dodger at a range.
*Because of Nani's unique attack pattern, her shots can be fired at enemies camping behind walls, although normally only 1 of the 3 orbs will hit an enemy. If possible, you can use the unique diamond path of the two outer orbs to hit an enemy behind a wall.
*To hit enemies accurately with Nani, try to lead your shots slightly ahead of them, meaning if they're walking away from you, you'd shoot slightly above them.

### Tips / Other

*Only auto-aim Nani's attack if the enemy is running directly in front you or if the enemy is standing still; otherwise it will most likely miss. Always try to manually aim your main attack when using Nani.
*Pay attention to enemies with canceling capabilities like knockback, pull, and stun. If Nani is moved from Peep's original casting spot, Peep will disappear. Also note that Peep can't be directly destroyed; however, it can be interrupted by walls, immunity bubbles, pets, etc. When using Nani's Super, wait for the target to either lose their shield or use their pet when going against an enemy with any of these.
*Before using Nani's Super, hide away from any enemies, preferably in bushes, then use her Super. Never use Nani's Super when she's in the middle of a battle, as it leaves Nani vulnerable to enemy attacks. Although this weakness can be alleviated with Nani's Star Power Tempered Steel to shield her, Nani is still vulnerable to being knocked back or stunned which will cause her Super to disappear without exploding.
*Unless within close range of an enemy Brawler, never auto-aim your Super because of the fact that it goes towards the nearest enemy. The direction it will go in may cause you to struggle to control Peep. Try to manually aim your Super so that it starts off in the direction that you want it to go, then control Peep with your movement joystick.
*You can use Nani's Super as an additional attack when you are in close-quarters with a short-ranged Brawler. This can be very useful as hitting enemies with Peep deals damage and knocks back, allowing you to escape or defeat them from a distance.
*Be careful when activating Nani's Hypercharged Super as while it allows you to hit enemies more easily, it also increases the chances of Peep hitting obstacles. Only use this when the map is very open with almost no walls for you to get an easier hit on the enemy.
