# Direct Raw Capture: Fandom Nori

- Title: Nori
- URL: https://brawlstars.fandom.com/wiki/Nori
- Capture date: 2026-07-11
- Correction note: parser supports generic and brawler-specific infobox templates.
- Source last edited: 2026-07-10T10:20:45Z
- Capture method: Fandom MediaWiki API revisions content via curl
- Capture boundary: selected hero mechanics and BP-relevant tips/build excerpts; cosmetic/history/skin/voice sections omitted.
- Full source wikitext length at capture: 11743 characters

## Infobox Fields

- Title: Katana Kid
- PrestigeTitle: Gone Fishin'
- Rarity: Legendary
- Class: Assassin
- MovementSpeed: 820 (Very Fast)<br>984 (with His Mother's Son)
- HealthLabel: Health
- Health: 3800
- AttackRange: 8.33 (melee; Very Long)<br>13.33 (ranged; Very Long)<br>16.67 (hook; Very Long)
- Reload: 0.1 seconds (Very Fast)
- AttackSuperCharge: 26% (melee)<br>16.67% (ranged)<br>16.67% (hook)
- AttackLabel: Melee Damage
- Attack: 1100
- AttackLabel2: Dash/Ranged Damage
- Attack2: 720
- AttackSpeed: 4000
- SuperSpeed: 4000
- SuperRange:
- SuperSuperCharge: 9-36% (min to max range)
- SuperLabel: Min. Damage
- Super: 1250
- SuperLabel2: Max. Damage
- Super2: 1750
- SuperDuration:
- SuperSpread: 360°
- AttackWidth:
- SuperMovementSpeed:
- VoiceActor:
- Gadget1Name: Sushi Snack
- Gadget1Cooldown: 12 seconds
- Gadget1Label: Heal per fish
- Gadget1: 700
- Gadget2Name: Gonna Need a Bigger Net
- Gadget2: 480
- Gadget2Label: Damage
- Gadget2Cooldown: 20 seconds
- Previous: Pierce
- Next: Kaze

## Selected Wikitext Excerpts

### Lead excerpt

{{Protection}}{{MagicWords}}{{Stub}}
{{Brawler Infobox|Title = Katana Kid|PrestigeTitle = Gone Fishin'|Rarity = Legendary|Class = Assassin|MovementSpeed = 820 (Very Fast)<br>984 (with His Mother's Son)|HealthLabel = Health|Health = 3800|AttackRange = 8.33 (melee; Very Long)<br>13.33 (ranged; Very Long)<br>16.67 (hook; Very Long)|Reload = 0.1 seconds (Very Fast)|AttackSuperCharge = 26% (melee)<br>16.67% (ranged)<br>16.67% (hook)|AttackLabel = Melee Damage|Attack = 1100|AttackLabel2 = Dash/Ranged Damage|Attack2 = 720|AttackSpeed=4000|SuperSpeed = 4000|SuperRange = |SuperSuperCharge = 9-36% (min to max range)|SuperLabel = Min. Damage|Super = 1250|SuperLabel2 = Max. Damage|Super2 = 1750|SuperDuration=|SuperSpread = 360°|AttackWidth=|SuperMovementSpeed=|VoiceActor = |Gadget1Name=Sushi Snack|Gadget1Cooldown=12 seconds|Gadget1Label=Heal per fish|Gadget1=700|Gadget2Name = Gonna Need a Bigger Net|Gadget2=480|Gadget2Label=Damage|Gadget2Cooldown=20 seconds|Previous=Pierce|Next=Kaze}}
{{Quote|As the child of [[Kenji]] and [[Kaze]], Nori was always destined for great things. Being the first Brawler ever born in Starr Park has also given him extraordinary powers! He's not too bad at cooking either.}}{{Portrait}}
Nori is a {{Rarity|Legendary}} [[Brawler]] who has moderately high health, a variable damage output, and great mobility with his very fast movement speed, attack and Super. He will be the 105th Brawler added to the game. Nori has two attacks, and these attacks catch fish by hitting Brawlers. In the first attack, he swings his fishing rod in a wide and close-ranged arc, dealing moderate damage. His second attack throws out the hook that can grapple walls or enemies, pulling him to them, dealing potentially high damage. For his Super, Nori dives into a puddle, which summons a giant fish after a delay, dealing damage to enemies caught in his puddle, and the puddle size and the fish damage is based off how many fish he has. His first Gadget, Sushi Snack, instantly heals him after eating fish. His second Gadget, Gonna Need a Bigger Net, fires a fishing net that deals damage and temporarily roots the enemy. His first Star Power, Big Haul, makes Nori catch three fish for every enemy hit. His second Star Power, His Mother's Son, temporarily increases his movement speed when he hits an enemy with his attacks.

### Attack: Fishing Fury

{{Quote|Nori slashes forward. Charging his attack casts his fishing rod. The longer the charge, the farther he casts. He can pull himself to a wall or Brawler ⎯ dashing through Brawlers and dealing damage. At max charge, he will jump over walls!<br>Nori catches fish by hitting Brawlers with his main attack. Fish are used for various abilities!}}
Nori has two different attacks. Players can choose between them by tapping or holding the attack button.

### Attack: Fishing Fury / Tap Attack

If the player taps and quickly releases the attack button, Nori swings his fishing rod in a wide arc, dealing moderate damage.

### Attack: Fishing Fury / Hold Attack

If the player holds the attack button, Nori charges his ammo bar (similar to [[Hank]] and [[Angelo]]). During this time, if the player releases the attack button, Nori throws out a hook that latches onto either enemies or walls, pulling himself toward the target. The longer he charges, the longer the hook becomes. If the hook hits an enemy, it deals low damage on impact. During the pull, Nori also damages any enemies he comes into contact with.
<br>When the ammo bar is fully charged, Nori will jump over obstacles if the hook hits a wall. The ammo bar takes 2 seconds to fully charge.
<br>Nori also cannot heal from auto-regeneration while charging their shot, though he is still hidden in bushes.
<br>If Nori is stunned, pushed back, or knocked back while charging, the attack is cancelled.

### Attack: Fishing Fury / Fish

Whenever Nori hits enemies with either attack, he catches fish. He can hold a maximum of 10 fish at once. His rod swing can catch multiple fish if it hits several enemies, but his hook can only catch one fish per use, even if it hits multiple enemies.

### Super: Catch of the Day

{{Quote|Nori dives into water then emerges, dealing area damage after a short delay. His Super consumes all fish, increasing its size by 5% and damage by 4% per fish.}}
Nori jumps into the air towards the targeted location, and upon landing, he disappears from the map and creates a water puddle in a small area. after a 1-second delay, a giant fish spawns, dealing high damage to all enemies caught in the puddle, and consuming all fish in the process. The amount of fish increases the size of the puddle by 5% and increases the damage of the giant fish by 4% per fish. Nori consumes all fish even if the attack hits no enemies. After the Super ends, Nori reappears in the center of the puddle.

### Gadgets / Sushi Snack

{{Quote|Nori eats up to 3 fish to heal himself for 1000 per fish. Cooldown: 12 seconds.}}{{Gadget|1}}
Nori instantly heals himself after eating 3 fish. However, if he doesn't have at least 3 fish, he instead eats less fish, receiving less healing.

### Gadgets / Gonna Need a Bigger Net

{{Quote|Aim a fishing net that roots the first Brawler hit for 1.25 sec and deals 800 damage. Cooldown: 20 seconds.}}{{Gadget|2}}
Nori throws a fishing net that deals damage and roots the enemy Brawler hit for 1.25 seconds.

### Star Powers / Big Haul

{{Quote|Nori catches 3 fish when his Super hits enemy Brawlers.}}{{StarPower|1}}
Nori catches 3 fish when his Super hits enemy Brawlers. He can catch more fish when more enemies are standing in the puddle. The fish are collected after the damage is dealt, so they don't affect the damage or radius of the Super.

### Star Powers / His Mother's Son

{{Quote|Nori gains +20% speed for 1 sec whenever he hits an enemy with his Main Attack.}}{{StarPower|2}}
When Nori hits his attacks, he gains a 20% movement speed buff for 1 second. The speed buff doesn't stack if Nori hits more enemies.
