# Direct Raw Capture: Fandom R-T

- Title: R-T
- URL: https://brawlstars.fandom.com/wiki/R-T
- Capture date: 2026-06-30
- Correction note: parser supports `Brawler Infobox` and `Brawler_Infobox` spellings.
- Source last edited: 2026-05-20T12:09:02Z
- Capture method: Fandom MediaWiki API revisions content via curl
- Capture boundary: selected hero mechanics and BP-relevant tips/build excerpts; cosmetic/history/skin/voice sections omitted.
- Full source wikitext length at capture: 18582 characters

## Infobox Fields

- Title: The Watcher
- PrestigeTitle: Watching you
- Rarity: Mythic
- Class: Damage Dealer
- MovementSpeed: 720 (Normal)<br>864 (with Hypercharge)<br>820 (split)<br>984 (split; with Hypercharge)
- HealthLabel: Health
- Health: 4100
- AttackRange: 10 (Very Long)<br> 3.33 (split; Short)
- Reload: 1.5 seconds (Normal)<br>1.8 seconds (split; Normal)
- AttackBullets:
- AttackSuperCharge: 25.375%<br>26.825% (split)
- AttackLabel: Damage
- Attack: 700
- AttackLabel2: Split damage
- Attack2: 740
- AttackSpeed: 4500
- AttackWidth: 0.33
- AttackSpread: 360° (split)
- SuperHealth: 3900
- SuperRange:
- SuperSuperCharge:
- SuperLabel: Health
- Super: 3900
- SuperSpeed:
- VoiceActor: Martin Schjøler
- Gadget1Name: Out of Line
- Gadget1Cooldown: 20 seconds
- Gadget2Name: Hacks!
- Gadget2Cooldown: 15 seconds
- Previous: Gray
- Next: Willow
- HyperchargeMultiplier: 25%
- AttackHyperchargeCharge: 6.325%<br>6.7% (split)
- SuperHyperchargeCharge:

## Selected Wikitext Excerpts

### Lead excerpt

{{MagicWords}}{{Protection}}
{{Brawler Infobox|Title = The Watcher|PrestigeTitle = Watching you|Rarity = Mythic|Class = Damage Dealer|MovementSpeed = 720 (Normal)<br>864 (with Hypercharge)<br>820 (split)<br>984 (split; with Hypercharge)|HealthLabel = Health|Health = 4100|AttackRange = 10 (Very Long)<br> 3.33 (split; Short)|Reload =1.5 seconds (Normal)<br>1.8 seconds (split; Normal)|AttackBullets = |AttackSuperCharge = 25.375%<br>26.825% (split)|AttackLabel = Damage|Attack = 700 |AttackLabel2 = Split damage|Attack2 = 740|AttackSpeed=4500|AttackWidth=0.33|AttackSpread=360° (split)|SuperHealth = 3900|SuperRange = |SuperSuperCharge = |SuperLabel = Health|Super = 3900|SuperSpeed=|VoiceActor=Martin Schjøler|Gadget1Name=Out of Line|Gadget1Cooldown=20 seconds|Gadget2Name=Hacks!|Gadget2Cooldown=15 seconds|Previous=Gray|Next=Willow|Hypercharge|HyperchargeMultiplier=25%|AttackHyperchargeCharge=6.325%<br>6.7% (split)|SuperHyperchargeCharge=}}
{{Quote|R-T is designed to be a helpful information kiosk, but he's also been given the task of monitoring all activity within Starr Park. For safety reasons, of course.}}{{Portrait}}
R-T is a {{Rarity|Mythic}} [[Brawler]] who could be unlocked as a [[Brawl Pass]] reward at Tier 30 in Season 17: Mystery At The Hub. He has moderately high health, a normal movement speed, a variable damage output, and a very long range in his normal form. In his alternate form, he has a very fast movement speed, high damage output, and a short range. He was the 65th Brawler added to the game. R-T's normal form attacks by shooting a siren that marks enemies, increasing all damage dealt to that enemy. His Super detaches his head from his stationary legs, transforming into his alternate form. In this form, R-T gains a Trait that allows him to move over water. R-T's alternate form attacks with his signal, instantly dealing damage in a circular area around him and his legs, which also marks enemies for additional damage. His alternate form's Super teleports and transforms him back into R-T's normal form, healing him in the process. His first Gadget, Out of Line, charges his Super instantly. His second Gadget, Hacks!, instantly deals damage to all enemies with active marks. His first Star Power, Quick Maths, increases the duration of his marks. His second Star Power, Recording, passively reduces all damage R-T takes when in his alternate form. His Hypercharge, 360-Degree Surveillance, small radars revolve around R-T's head and legs when he transforms into his alternate form, each dealing high damage.

### Trait

{{Quote|R-T can move over water when split from the legs.}}{{Trait|Water}}
Only when split from his legs, R-T is able to float over water. This applies to both his head and legs.

### Attacks / Basic: Tap Target

{{Quote|R-T fires a single projectile, that upon impact with a brawler marks them. Any damage dealt to a marked target consumes the mark and deals extra damage.}}
R-T fires a long-ranged siren projectile that does very low damage and marks a target for 5 seconds, indicated by a siren over them. R-T can mark multiple enemies at once. When R-T or his allies hit a marked target, they will deal additional damage (equal to his normal form's attack damage) in his normal form. If R-T hits the marked target, the duration of the mark will refresh, but if his allies hit it, the mark will disappear. The mark's damage does not increase with damage buffs.

### Attacks / Split: Eat Static

{{Quote|R-T and his legs blast a strong signal, damaging all targets around them. Both R-T and his legs can still mark targets.}}
R-T's head and legs send out a circular signal around them that damages and marks targets. Similar to [[Jacky]] and [[Doug]]'s attack, the damage is dealt immediately and can go through walls, but R-T has a relatively slow reload speed and attack cooldown in this form. There is no direction of travel to this attack, so aiming is not required, though aiming can be used to show you the area-of-effect.

### Supers / Basic: Hide And Seek

{{Quote|R-T splits into two. R-T's legs are left behind while both R-T and his legs gain a short ranged, powerful attack that marks enemies. R-T moves faster while split.}}
R-T separates his head from his legs, allowing the head to move independently of his legs, and changing his attack and Super. His head will have the same amount of health as he did at the time of this Super's activation, while his legs will have less health. Both parts can auto-regenerate health, however, the Health [[Gears|Gear]] does not affect R-T's legs. R-T's head's movement speed is increased by 100 points while his Super is active, and it can move over water, while his legs remain stationary and gains a shield that reduces all damage it takes by 29%. Enemies cannot charge their Super off of attacking R-T's legs. If either part is taken out, R-T will be defeated.

### Supers / Split: Radar Waves

{{Quote|R-T instantly teleports to his legs and becomes whole again, healing for 1000.}}
R-T instantly teleports his head back to his legs' location, returns to his normal form and heals for 1000 health, excluding any healing buffs or debuffs.

### Gadgets / Out of Line

{{Quote|Instantly charges R-T's Super. Cooldown: 20 seconds.}}{{Gadget|1}}
Activating this Gadget charges R-T's Super instantly. This Gadget does not charge his Hypercharge. R-T can’t use this Gadget if his Super is already charged.

### Gadgets / Hacks!

{{Quote|Instantly trigger all active marks on all enemy brawlers, dealing their damage. Cooldown: 15 seconds.}}{{Gadget|2}}
When activated, all active marks will be triggered, dealing the same damage as usual. The amount of damage dealt cannot stack with other marks. This Gadget can only be activated if there is at least 1 marked enemy on the battlefield.

### Star Powers / Quick Maths

{{Quote|Marks created last 3 seconds longer.}}{{StarPower|1}}
With this Star Power equipped, R-T's marks last 3 seconds longer, increasing his marks' duration from 5 to 8 seconds.

### Star Powers / Recording

{{Quote|R-T and his legs take 20% less damage when split.}}{{StarPower|2}}
When in his alternate form, this Star Power grants R-T's head a shield that reduces all incoming damage by 20%, and increases the strength of his legs' shield from 29% to 50%.

### Hypercharge: 360-Degree Surveillance

{{Quote|Damaging security lasers surround R-T and his legs after using a Hypercharged Super.}}{{Hypercharge}}
When activated, after R-T transforms into his alternate form, his head and legs each get 4 sets of 2 small radars that quickly revolve around them, which deal 700 damage and mark enemies hit. After the Hypercharge is over, the radars despawn. R-T also gains a 20% speed boost, as well as a 5% damage and shield boost.

### Tips

*Be careful about choosing where to place R-T's Super, as leaving his legs unprotected for too long enables enemies to defeat R-T by shooting a stationary target.
*R-T should only use his Super when he's at full health or near full health, as both of his parts start out with the same amount of HP that he has before using his Super. Using his Super while low on health is very risky as any projectile hitting either part of him would defeat him.
*R-T should primarily use his Super against short-ranged brawlers. This is because the range of his Super's attack is very short, leaving him vulnerable to brawlers with long ranges.
**If a close range brawler gets close to R-T, he can use his Super and position himself so that both his head and legs are damaging the attacking brawler. This does devastating damage to them and will almost certainly defeat them. Using the Recording Star Power increases R-T's survival when using this tactic.
*Using R-T's Super against a Brawler with piercing attacks like [[Ash]], [[Kit]], [[Kenji]], [[Amber]], [[Poco]], [[Grom]], [[Emz]], [[Sandy]], [[Chuck]], [[Mortis]], [[Bibi]], [[Frank]], [[Carl]], [[Shade]], [[Draco]], or [[Janet]] is almost useless, as they can simultaneously damage him and his legs.
**Be especially aware of [[Penny]], as her main attack can splash after hitting either R-T's head or legs.
*Beware of turrets when R-T is in his alternate form, like Penny's or [[Jessie]]'s, as they can outrange R-T and possibly defeat it without the help of his other part.
*When using his Super in [[Showdown]], use his alternate form to burst down enemies behind walls, and his normal form to engage longer-ranged enemies. His Super's teleportation can be a helpful escape strategy but be wary of where his legs were placed; as the legs are stationary, the gas limits R-T's time in his alternate form, so while bursting enemies try to get your super as fast as possible for immediate use.
*Using R-T's alternate form's extra speed can be very effective, for example to score a goal in [[Brawl Ball]], quickly taking a few Gems in [[Gem Grab]], or trying to get a last-second kill in [[Bounty]].
*R-T's Hacks! Gadget can be used to defeat marked targets that have very low health and are hiding behind a wall.
*In [[Hot Zone]], R-T's mobile body part has to be in the zone's radius to make progress in capturing the zone. Just legs will not charge it, but if you get inside of it with head or in normal form, progress will be gained.
