# Direct Raw Capture: Fandom Shelly

- Title: Shelly
- URL: https://brawlstars.fandom.com/wiki/Shelly
- Capture date: 2026-07-17
- Correction note: parser supports generic and brawler-specific infobox templates.
- Source last edited: 2026-07-12T18:20:33Z
- Capture method: Fandom MediaWiki API revisions content via curl
- Capture boundary: selected hero mechanics and BP-relevant tips/build excerpts; cosmetic/history/skin/voice sections omitted.
- Full source wikitext length at capture: 33342 characters

## Infobox Fields

- Title: No time to explain!
- PrestigeTitle: Fantástico
- Rarity: Starting Brawler
- Class: Damage Dealer
- MovementSpeed: 770 (Fast)<br>924 (with Hypercharge)<br>2400 (with Fast Forward)
- VoiceActor: Sandra Espinoza
- HealthLabel: Health
- Health: 3900
- AttackRange: 7.67 (Long)<br>10 (with Clay Pigeons)
- Reload: 1.5 seconds (Normal)
- AttackBullets: 5
- AttackSuperCharge: 10.05%<br>7.5% (with Clay Pigeons)
- AttackLabel: Damage per shell
- Attack: 300
- SuperRange: 7.67 (Long)
- SuperBullets: 9<br>12 (with Hypercharge)
- SuperSuperCharge: 4.8%
- SuperLabel: Damage per shell
- Super: 320
- AttackSpread: 27°<br>13.5° (with Clay Pigeons)
- AttackSpeed: 3100<br>4300 (with Clay Pigeons)<br>4430 (with Hyper Buffie)
- SuperSpread: 45°<br>59.85° (with Hypercharge)
- SuperSpeed: 4130
- SuperWidth:
- Gadget1Name: Fast Forward
- Gadget1Cooldown: 16 seconds
- Gadget2Name: Clay Pigeons
- Gadget2Cooldown: 18 seconds
- StarPower2Name: Band-Aid
- StarPower2: 2106
- StarPower2Label: Heal
- HyperchargeMultiplier: 30%
- Next: Nita
- AttackHyperchargeCharge: 3%<br>2.25% (with Clay Pigeons)
- SuperHyperchargeCharge: 1.425%
- Gadget1Range: 2.67
- Gadget2Duration:

## Selected Wikitext Excerpts

### Lead excerpt

{{Protection}}{{MagicWords}}
{{Brawler Infobox|Title = No time to explain!|PrestigeTitle = Fantástico|Rarity = Starting Brawler|Class = Damage Dealer|MovementSpeed = 770 (Fast)<br>924 (with Hypercharge)<br>2400 (with Fast Forward)|VoiceActor = Sandra Espinoza|HealthLabel = Health|Health = 3900|AttackRange = 7.67 (Long)<br>10 (with Clay Pigeons)|Reload = 1.5 seconds (Normal)|AttackBullets = 5|AttackSuperCharge = 10.05%<br>7.5% (with Clay Pigeons)|AttackLabel = Damage per shell|Attack = 300|SuperRange = 7.67 (Long)|SuperBullets = 9<br>12 (with Hypercharge)|SuperSuperCharge = 4.8%|SuperLabel = Damage per shell|Super = 320|AttackSpread=27°<br>13.5° (with Clay Pigeons)|AttackSpeed=3100<br>4300 (with Clay Pigeons)<br>4430 (with Hyper Buffie)|SuperSpread=45°<br>59.85° (with Hypercharge)|SuperSpeed=4130|SuperWidth=|Gadget1Name = Fast Forward|Gadget1Cooldown = 16 seconds|Gadget2Name = Clay Pigeons|Gadget2Cooldown = 18 seconds|StarPower2Name = Band-Aid|StarPower2 = 2106|StarPower2Label = Heal|HyperchargeMultiplier=30%|Next=Nita|AttackHyperchargeCharge=3%<br>2.25% (with Clay Pigeons)|SuperHyperchargeCharge=1.425%|Gadget1Range=2.67|Gadget2Duration=}}
{{Quote|Shelly's the perfect ranger: reliable, tough, and terrific with her shotgun. She never understood why [[Colt]] got to steal the limelight...}}
{{Portrait}}
Shelly is the {{Rarity|Starting}} [[:Category:Brawlers|Brawler]] that is unlocked upon beginning the game. She was one of the 15 Brawlers who released at the first Beta launch. She has moderately high health, a high damage output at close range, a long range, and a fast movement speed. Her attack is a burst of shotgun shells that deal high damage up close. Her Super pierces and knocks surviving enemies back and destroys obstacles, similarly dealing high damage up close. Her first Gadget, Fast Forward, allows her to dash a few tiles forward and instantly reloads all of her ammo. Her second Gadget, Clay Pigeons, narrows the width and increases the range of the next 3 attacks. Her first Star Power, Shell Shock, makes her Super momentarily slow enemies down. Her second Star Power, Band-Aid, gives her a bar that charges over time and, when fully charged, heals her when her health falls below 40%. Her Hypercharge, Double Barrel, increases the spread and number of projectiles her Super fires.

### Attack: Buckshot

{{Quote|Shelly's boomstick fires a wide spread of pellets to a medium range. The more pellets hit, the greater the damage.}}
Shelly fires a burst of shotgun pellets at a long range that deal low damage by themselves, but can deal a lot together. The attack deals more damage at close range since more pellets will hit the enemy, but the range of her attack is quite long, making her able to charge her Super from a safe distance. This attack allows Shelly to excel in close-quarters combat, especially against Brawlers with low health and/or shorter-ranged attacks.

### Super: Super Shell

{{Quote|Shelly's Super Shell obliterates both cover and enemies. Any survivors get knocked back.}}
Shelly's Super fires a larger, high-damaging burst of pellets which pierces, destroys obstacles and knocks enemies back. Like her main attack, the pellets spread out with distance and deal massive damage together at close range. Note that the individual pellets cannot pierce through walls, and will disappear upon destroying a wall tile.

### Gadgets / Fast Forward

{{Quote|Shelly dashes to an aimed direction or forwards, fully reloading her ammo! Cooldown: 16 seconds.}}
{{Gadget|1}}
Shelly dashes 2.67 tiles in the direction aimed upon using this Gadget, instantly reloading all her ammo. However, it is cancelled if she is stunned, pulled, or knocked back, and she cannot dash through walls or water and the dash will be interrupted if she dashes into any of them. If the Gadget is autoaimed, she will dash in the direction she is moving, or facing if she is standing still.

{{Quote|Take no damage while dashing.}}{{Buffie|Gadget}}
With the Buffie, Shelly becomes immune to damage while dashing.

### Gadgets / Clay Pigeons

{{Quote|Shelly focuses her fire to a smaller area with an increased range. Can be used 3 times per activation. Cooldown: 18 seconds.}}
{{Gadget|2}}
When aiming using the Gadget button, Shelly shoots a shot that has its spread decreased by half and its range increased to 10 tiles, as well as a projectile speed boost. The amount of bullets and the damage of each bullet is identical to her main attack, and each shot with this Gadget consumes ammo. Attacks can still be done normally by using the regular aim button. This Gadget's cooldown starts after all 3 attacks are used or if even 1 is used and Shelly is knocked out.

{{Quote|Attacks slow enemies. Increases duration with each hit.}}{{Buffie|Gadget}}
With the Buffie, shots with this Gadget additionally cause a slowdown effect of 30%. Each pellet hit causes a slow effect for 0.5 seconds, and the duration stacks with each hit.

### Star Powers / Shell Shock

{{Quote|Shelly's Super shells slow down enemies for 2 sec!}}
{{StarPower|1}}
Enemies hit by Shelly's Super are slowed down by 55% for 2 seconds.

{{Quote|Using patented Draco Dragonbreath shells, Shelly leaves a burning area with her Super.}}{{Buffie|Star}}
With the Buffie, three burning circles are left at where the shots ended, which deal damage over time.

### Star Powers / Band-Aid

{{Quote|When Shelly falls below 40% health, she instantly heals for 2340 health. Band-Aid recharges in 15 sec.}}
{{StarPower|2}}
Shelly gains a bar which takes 15 seconds to charge up completely. Once the bar is fully charged, if she falls below 40% health, she instantly heals 30% of her maximum health, and the bar resets. However, if she takes enough damage in one frame to be defeated by a high-damage Brawler (like [[Bull]], [[Darryl]], [[Nani]], [[Griff]], or [[Spike]]) her Star Power will not activate, and she will have to wait another 15 seconds to get Band-Aid back after respawning, regardless of whether her bar was charged or not. The amount of health healed from Band-Aid scales with any type of power-ups, including [[Showdown]] Power Cubes and will always heal 30% of her total health, excluding any type of healing debuff.

{{Quote|Gain 15% movement speed for 3 secs.}}{{Buffie|Star}}
With the Buffie, Shelly gets a 15% movement for 3 seconds when Band-Aid activates.

### Hypercharge: Double Barrel

{{Quote|Super Shell is 33% larger.}}{{Hypercharge}}When activated, Shelly's Super spread is increased by 33%, and the number of projectiles is increased from 9 to 12. She also gains a 20% speed boost, as well as a 5% damage and shield boost.

{{Quote|Main attack projectile speed is greatly increased during Hypercharge.}}{{Buffie|Hyper}}
With the Buffie, Shelly's main attack has increased projectile speed during her Hypercharge. The Buffie increases Shelly's Hypercharge duration by 2 seconds

### Tips / Game Modes and Maps

*Shelly is good in [[Brawl Ball]] since she can destroy the walls blocking the enemy's goal, which allows your team to score easier. A rather useful tactic when using Shelly in Brawl Ball is to shoot the ball and then immediately use her Super to break any obstacles in the way while pushing back enemies blocking the goal. If the timing is done correctly it should be a guaranteed goal.
*In [[Duo Showdown]], three useful team compositions are Shelly with [[Tara]], [[Jacky]], or [[Gene]], as either of them can pull enemies into Shelly, who can then finish them off with her Super. Another useful team composition is Shelly with any Brawler who can stun, like [[Frank]], [[Bull]], [[Kit]], or [[Bo]], that allow her to quickly eliminate the stunned Brawler with her super.
*In [[Showdown|Solo Showdown]], if Shelly has her Super, she can bush camp and wait for enemies to come close then ambush them with her Super.

### Tips / Recommended Build

*Shelly's Fast Forward Gadget allows Shelly to use 6 attacks with a Super (optionally) all at once. However, it serves more as a tactical retreat.
*Shelly's Clay Pigeons Gadget can be used directly after using her Super at mid-range. While the enemy gets knocked back, Shelly is able to hit all bullets with the longer attacks provided by the Gadget to get maximum value out of it. This is especially effective when combined with her Shell Shock Star Power, allowing Shelly to easily land even more shots and take down foes, usually getting her Super back in the process, which could help her in a later combat.
*Using her Shell Shock Star Power, Shelly can slow down Brawlers that are trying to escape, allowing her and/or her teammates to catch up and eliminate them. Shelly can also slow down the entire enemy team with her Shell Shock Star Power, making way for a potential team wipe with the help of allies. In [[Showdown]], this can be used to catch up with longer-range Brawlers if they get hit by Shelly's Super.
**Alternatively, you can also use Shell Shock to slow down the enemy and quickly activating Clay Pigeons to get quick and easy hits off while also recharging your Super in the process.
*Both Gadgets can be used depending on their own respected scenarios. For an example, Clay Pigeons can be used to finish off enemy Brawlers who manage to escape from being up close, while Fast Forward can be used to quickly close a distance with an enemy, while also fully reloading your ammo bar to continue the pressure.

### Tips / Strategies

*When using Shelly, take advantage of walls or bushes when approaching brawlers that outrange her, though be mindful as destroying too many walls and bushes can put her at disadvantage
*The spread of Shelly's attacks allows her to sweep bushes and expose any enemies hiding in them without having to go inside the bush, potentially risking being defeated by a high-damage Brawler such as [[Bull]], [[Griff]], [[Rosa]], or [[Leon]].
*Shelly's Super has the ability to cancel or interrupt other Brawlers' Supers because it knocks them back. For example, she can stop [[Frank]] and [[Meg]] from finishing their Supers if she interrupts them with her Super during their wind-up and transformation respectively (be careful of Frank's active Noise Canceling Gadget). This can become even more deadly by waiting in a bush and then ambushing.
*If Shelly is at low health and is being chased by a Brawler, she can use her Super to knock them back and gain a bit more time to escape. This works even better if she has her Shell Shock Star Power since she can also slow them down for a few seconds. Note that this only applies to Showdown and Knockout where survival is the key objective.

### Tips / Other

*Shelly is best on maps with lots of bushes, notably [[Center Stage]], where she has been a top pick for several years as she can easily scout bushes and sneak up upon opponents.
*Similar to [[Colt]] and [[Grom]]'s Super, projectiles from Shelly's Super don't pierce through walls, they disappear after breaking one. Keep this in mind if you are trying to use Shelly's Super to defeat a Brawler behind a wall, because the opponent will take less damage due to some of the shells disappearing after breaking a wall; the more walls between you and your enemy (in a scenario where the Super is aimed perfectly at the opponent), the less damage they'll take from the Super.
*Shelly is an excellent counter to tanks with her Super. However, you should be mindful of tanks with high burst damage, such as Bull or [[El Primo]], as they can kill you before your Super goes off. So try to have your Super charged up before facing them.
*For dealing with close-range assassins, focus on landing your shots correctly to quickly defeat them or use her Clay Pigeons Gadget to outrange them and slowly whittle them down.
