# Direct Raw Capture: Fandom Sirius

- Title: Sirius
- URL: https://brawlstars.fandom.com/wiki/Sirius
- Capture date: 2026-06-30
- Correction note: parser supports `Brawler Infobox` and `Brawler_Infobox` spellings.
- Source last edited: 2026-06-17T22:04:48Z
- Capture method: Fandom MediaWiki API revisions content via curl
- Capture boundary: selected hero mechanics and BP-relevant tips/build excerpts; cosmetic/history/skin/voice sections omitted.
- Full source wikitext length at capture: 18401 characters

## Infobox Fields

- Title: The Banished
- PrestigeTitle: In the shadows
- Rarity: Ultra Legendary
- Class: Controller
- MovementSpeed: 720 (Normal)<br>864 (with Hypercharge)
- HealthLabel: Health
- Health: 3400
- AttackRange: 7.33 (Long)
- AttackSpeed: 2500<br>3800 (with A Starr is Born)
- AttackWidth: 0.47
- Reload: 1.6 seconds (Normal)
- SuperRange: 10 (Very Long)
- AttackSuperCharge: 25.05%
- AttackBullets: 2
- AttackLabel: Bomb Damage
- Attack: 600
- AttackLabel2: Strike Damage
- Attack2: 600
- SuperSuperCharge: 0%
- SuperSpeed: 29000
- VoiceActor: Jack Ayres
- Gadget1Name: A Starr is Born
- Gadget1Cooldown: 20 seconds
- Gadget2Name: Master of Shadows
- Gadget2Cooldown: 13 seconds
- AttackHyperchargeCharge: 3.5%
- SuperHyperchargeCharge:
- HyperchargeMultiplier: 14%
- Previous: Kaze
- Gadget1Range: 9

## Selected Wikitext Excerpts

### Lead excerpt

{{Protection}}{{MagicWords}}
{{Brawler Infobox|Title = The Banished|PrestigeTitle = In the shadows|Rarity = Ultra Legendary|Class = Controller|MovementSpeed = 720 (Normal)<br>864 (with Hypercharge)|HealthLabel = Health|Health = 3400|AttackRange = 7.33 (Long)|AttackSpeed = 2500<br>3800 (with A Starr is Born)|AttackWidth = 0.47|Reload = 1.6 seconds (Normal)|SuperRange = 10 (Very Long)|AttackSuperCharge = 25.05%|AttackBullets=2|AttackLabel = Bomb Damage|Attack = 600|AttackLabel2 = Strike Damage|Attack2 = 600|SuperSuperCharge = 0% |SuperSpeed = 29000|VoiceActor=Jack Ayres|Gadget1Name=A Starr is Born|Gadget1Cooldown=20 seconds|Gadget2Name=Master of Shadows|Gadget2Cooldown=13 seconds|AttackHyperchargeCharge=3.5%|SuperHyperchargeCharge=|HyperchargeMultiplier=14%|Previous=Kaze|Gadget1Range=9}}{{Quote|His identity is as mysterious as his powers. He had the very first attraction at Starr Park, but rumor has it he was kicked out unfairly, and banned from ever returning. Now... he's back for REVENGE.}}{{Portrait}}
Sirius is an {{Rarity|Ultra Legendary}} [[Brawler]] who has moderate health, a long range, a low damage output, and immense utility with his Super. He was the 100th Brawler added to the game, and during his initial release he could be unlocked for free early by winning one match each with the previous 99 Brawlers. His Trait allows his Super to charge itself over time. His attack fires two projectiles at the same time, which consist of a long ranged Shadow Strike and a Starr Bomb that explodes onto the ground in a small radius. The attacks charge his Brawler Shadows. For his Super, Sirius spawns all collected Brawler Shadows, which have less health and less damage than their Brawler counterparts. He can use it to direct the Shadows into attacking other targets or send them back to him. His first Gadget, A Starr Is Born, spawns a Shadow upon impact, temporarily slowing them down in the process. His second Gadget, Master of Shadows, summons the Shadows back to Sirius, healing them in the process. His first Star Power, Dusk Runners, increases the movement speed of the Shadows. His second Star Power, The Darkest Starr, increases the amount of hits with the Shadow Strike. His Hypercharge, Unlimited Power!, increases the Shadows' health and damage.

### Trait

{{Quote|This Brawler charges Super over time.}}{{Trait|Auto}}
Sirius' Super charges automatically over time, similar to [[Darryl]]. His Super charges 75% per second from his Trait alone, and it takes 1.33 seconds to fully charge his Super. Sirius can only charge his Hypercharge by dealing damage.

### Ultra Trait

{{Quote|Control Brawler Shadows! Tap to summon the copies or drag to command them}}{{Trait|Sirius}}
Sirius' Ultra Trait is to gain Shadows with his attack, and spawn and control them with his Super. Every fourth damaging hit from a Starr Bomb or Shadow Strike will collect a Brawler Shadow that matches the enemy brawler hit. Enemies hit for the first-third attacks have no effect on what shadow is collected. Sirius can hold up to three Shadows and the amount of collected shadows is shown under the Super button. Up to six Shadows can be active at once. If Sirius is defeated, all stored Shadows remain stored, but all active Shadows disappear and any partial collection progress will be removed.

Shadows have the same attack and movement speed as their Brawler counterpart and use the skin of the extracted brawler. If the Brawler has multiple forms, the created Shadow will match the form when they were hit. They have 60% of their health, deal 55% of their damage, and can not use their Supers, Gadgets, Star Powers, Hypercharges, nor Buffies, and they can not charge Sirius' Hypercharge. Like [[Lawrie]], Shadows will attempt to strafe around enemy projectiles rather than running straight toward the enemy. The Shadow's strength in Power Levels is based on the Power Level of the opponent that is playing as the Brawler and not Sirius' own Power Level, so opponents playing Power Level 11 Brawlers will make the Shadow's strength based on their Power Level 11 stats, even if Sirius is not at Power Level 11.

Spawnables from other Brawlers and stationary mode-specific targets like the [[Heist]] safe cannot have their shadows extracted, nor do they build up progress for shadow collection. Certain computer-controlled enemies can add to the Shadow collection meter depending on the mode; for example, [[Brawl Bosses]] can add to the meter-which will spawn a Shadow of Sirius using his selected skin, but not the robots in [[Brawl Arena]]. Shadows can not pick up items like the ball in [[Brawl Ball]], [[Power Cube]]s, or stars in [[Bounty]].

### Attack: Binary Starr

{{Quote|Sirius conjures two projectiles, a Starr Bomb that deals area damage and a Shadow Strike that hits a single target. Sirius will collect a Brawler Shadow on every 4th hit. Sirius can store 3 Brawler Shadows at a time.}}
Sirius fires two projectiles, which consist of lobbing a Starr Bomb that deals area damage and can go over walls, and a Shadow Strike that goes in a straight line to hit a single target. Both projectiles have the same trajectory, damage, and range. If both projectiles hit simultaneously, both will add points to the Shadow collection meter.

### Super: Shadow Summon

{{Quote|Sirius unleashes all collected Brawler Shadows into the world. Shadows will take on the characteristics of their Brawler counterpart, like attacks and health.<br>Sirius can instruct Shadows to his bidding! Tap for them to return and follow Sirius, or aim to give them an area to guard.<br><br>Brawler Shadow stats are a % of their base Brawler.}}
Sirius spawns all currently collected Brawler Shadows. When there is at least 1 shadow up, the Super also serves to relocate the shadows; auto-aiming will cause the shadows to run towards Sirius, and aiming it will move them to the center of the aiming circle. Shadows set to a location will patrol a large area marked by the aiming circle, while Shadows not set to a location will have an identically-sized patrol location set to Sirius' position, which moves with Sirius. The relocation is done after any shadows are summoned, meaning that any shadows spawned by the Super will immediately obey the command issued. If no Shadows are on the map, he cannot use his Super until he has at least one Brawler Shadow collected, and it will be grayed out when not available. Sirius can store up to three Shadows with his Super. If Sirius already has six Shadows active, spawning another Shadow will despawn the oldest Shadow.

### Gadgets / A Starr is Born

{{Quote|Sirius fires a projectile that summons a Shadow on hit, also slowing the hit target by 20% for 2 sec. Cooldown: 20 seconds.}}{{Gadget|1}}
Sirius fires a projectile that summons a Shadow of the enemy brawler hit upon impact, slowing the enemies hit down by 20% for 2 seconds. The projectile itself does not deal any damage. The projectile can slow spawnables and deployables even though it cannot create shadows of them. If Sirius had used his Super to set a patrol location for his Shadows, the Shadow spawned from this Gadget will go towards that patrol location. Unlike his other Shadows that disappear when defeated, the Shadow spawned from the Gadget will linger even if Sirius is knocked out.

### Gadgets / Master of Shadows

{{Quote|Summoned Shadows return to Sirius, who heals them for 25% of their health. Cooldown: 13 seconds.}}{{Gadget|2}}
Activating this Gadget teleports all Shadows back to Sirius, healing them for 25% of their health.

### Star Powers / Dusk Runners

{{Quote|Shadows have +15% movement speed.}}{{StarPower|1}}
Brawler Shadows will have their movement speed increased by 15%.

### Star Powers / The Darkest Starr

{{Quote|Each hit with a Shadow Strike counts as 2 to collect Brawler Shadows, instead of 1.}}{{StarPower|2}}
Each Shadow Strike's counter for collecting Brawler Shadows is doubled. As Starr Bomb still only adds one to the counter, this allows for shadows to be collected 50% faster. This can overfill the meter, meaning that if Sirius is 1 hit away from a shadow, a Shadow Strike hit will extract the shadow and fill the shadow collection meter by 1.

### Hypercharge: Unlimited Power!

{{Quote|Shadows summoned during Hypercharge have increased damage and health.}}{{Hypercharge}}
When activated, Sirius summons Shadows that have more health and deal more damage. A Hypercharged Shadow will have 85% of the health and deal 70% of the damage of the Brawler counterpart. He also gains a 20% speed boost, as well as a 5% damage and shield boost.

### Tips

* If you are playing [[Brawl Ball]], use the Super to kick the ball since it recharges very quickly. Keep in mind that you need at least one active Shadow to be able to use the Super.
* Try to use Sirius' Hypercharge when three Shadows are saved to create three powerful Shadows, as the Hypercharge only take effect on the shadows summoned within its duration.
* Use Sirius' Master of Shadows Gadget when you get ambushed, so you will have many Shadows to defend against the surprise attack.
* [[Janet]] Shadows don't know how to charge an attack, so try to avoid collecting Shadows from her, by attacking a different opponent when the next attack collects a Shadow.
* When playing in bushy maps, you may stack up to six Shadows by directing them to your spawn location. Then use his Master of Shadows Gadget to perform a surprise attack when opponents get close.
* When using Sirius' Super, be mindful of splash damage like [[Nita]], [[Tara]], [[Carl]], [[Emz]], or [[Penny]] as they can still damage Sirius and destroy the Shadows in just a few hits. Penny and Emz in particular are very dangerous for Sirius, as their splash attack can wipe out his Shadows and even take out Sirius himself if he's using them as shields.
* Sirius' lackluster HP and relatively low damage make him weak in 1-on-1 situations, so try to tag along with teammates instead of going alone when collecting Shadows.

### Cosmetics / Portraits

<gallery>
File:Sirius Portrait.png|Default
File:Sirius Alternate Default Portrait.png|Alternate Default
</gallery>
